I ordered online at 8.49 pm... Food didn't come till 10 pm... I called up... They said on the way... Didn't come till 10.30... Again called... They said... Aapka koi order nahi hai humare pass... Complained with the online platform... They scolded them and ordered them to send something complimentary for late delivery... They said will send in 20 mins... Still no food till 11.30... I called again they said...sorry sir complimentary kch nahi hai... Finally sent it at 12 am. Pathetic.

Very poor delivery.Ordered at 12:00PM and food was delivered at 1:45PM.will never think for home delivery in future.And delivery boy told that petrol was over so he couldn't deliver which is a lame excuse everu deliver boy gives.

Worst service ever. Very slow service. Took them 20 minutes to wrap up 4 naans when there were only two tables occupied inside the restaurant. Waited for almost 30 mins.

The food is good as compared to the other eat-outs of this league. The Dal is good. My experience of Paneer Tikka, Roti and Dal was quite satisfying for the money I paid. A safe option to try out for a regular dinner!

Bad service. Does not deserve to be in vimannagar, I ordered veg patiyala but it was too salty when I asked them to replace this dish the Waiter came after sometime and argued with me that everyone downstairs has tasted it the salt is not in the veg its in the papad. My suggestion is to prefer other good veg restaurants in Vimannagar over this one.

Tried mango blast today...not impressive at all.  The drink was was not cold and it felt like i was having over ripened mago..thats it. Nothing special. Not going there again.

The place is not good.. very unhygienic and has been shut down now .. for the better I believe!

Bad ambience..  Tried chicken tikka,  chicken reshmi wraps..  Really not good..  The Roti they wrap the filling with is fantastic though.. The only positive..

They say they have got more than 101 type of Paratha . I wanna ask them how many of those are edible. I ordered the safest option aloo Paratha and trust me it was gross .

Pathetic restaurant, thats what first comesto my mind...went twice here and i get this unhygienic feeling every time i went there...once had gone for lunch, i saw flies every where!! And went once at 6pm, and the moment i stepped in, a guy was sweeping and dirty water every where!..since we had no choice because of hunger & tiredness, we stepped some how and went inside...the spoons on table were dirty too!.

Worst Place ! Food: Below Average Service Time: Minimum 20-30 Minutes per Order or may be worst Seating is really uncomfortable because tables are shaky, arrangement is like train coach, you may not be able to sit properly ! Waiters are not trained and senseless !

Worst..It not the same Khyber, what it use to be.The Management for the hotel is changed.The captain which took our order was so rude.For the first time ever i was charged for extra Shezwan Sauce...it was kind of funny bcoz not even street hawkers do it. When asked the Captain he said "Idher asyach milta hai jabse ye hotel khula hai". I have visited the hotel many times in past...but many be today was last time..will think twice befor going to it..

Me and my friend have been here twice and both Times we were unhappy with their food. Their service is good. We ordered a veg cheese grill and it took them more than 20 mins to get it and he got us a plain cheese grill. Even the Orange melody mocktail tasted like a syrup. And hence the rating.

It would have been a 3.5 or  4 but deducted its 2 stars because of the only  last bad experience which ended my day too bad in which there was big role of a dull daal fry which tasted too bad that we threw half of it,then all veggies in mix veg handi also smelled bad hence threw that also, and add on to this bad experience was when the guy forgot to bring raita, although he went again and came back to deliver it later. I also felt little sorry for him but still that is a dish of having it with...

To get the best out of this place, Follow below steps :- 1. Do not order online. 2. Don't order anything except Parantha  3. Visit the place, sit there and order in one go, no modifications/addition of any dish allowed afterwards. 4. Eat, pay your bill and get out. Thanks!!

The worst place ever. I had to keep calling the waiter for water or spoon or even to take the order. The food was not worth paying for. We were made to change tables cause it were booked for the hotel workers friends. The staff were rude and sarcastic.

Worst food worst experience... We ordered food from here through TinyOwl... Firstly,information about dish on TinyOwl and final product that we got was different!the delivery man came after an hour.. Then too if the taste would good,we won't mind...but all the dishes were just rubbish.... No taste no hygiene...complete waste... In short,if u have emergency then too don't go for punjabi darbar,buy fruit s either... Highly disappointed..

crappy place with crappy food. Go only if u have no idea how to ruin your time and money. i gave it 1 rating coz their is no provision to give negative rating..

in Simple words, Worst Experience!!!! Ordered punjabi food for home delivery, which delivered after 2 hours.... They were boasting to deliver in 20 mins every time you call them.

This is the most disgusting movement of my life, and it is at this Aditya hotel. I gave party to my friends at this hotel. The food was good. They accepted my debit card and took like 15 min to do the transaction.   I got 2 messages of transaction. I asked them the return money and they gave it. I did not understand why they gave it so easy without checking their transactions.  "Thing is they have swiped the card for 4 TIMES! ".  Next day I showed them the mini-statement and asked for the return...

really not good complete waste of mood and money.I wish i could rate it negative.

Had been here for the treat, but it turned out to be the opposite. The ambience is all gloomy. However sometimes, they played some rowdy regional track to entertain us, but we soon turned it down. The furniture is quite old.  Soups are okay, starters are nice. Main course was not great at all. Veg Maratha was very oily and spicy. The service is very very slow. The entire place was empty except for our table. Prices are less.  I usually dont write such reviews as i like to go into the details and...

I went to apple5 for dinner and was hugely disappointed with my experience there. The price is inversely proportional to the quantity served. Also, this was first time I ate italian dish with only capsicum. I was not able to locate bell pepers or any other vegetables found in italian dishes.

Pretty ironic that the worst part of a restaurant named Chingari is that it allows people to smoke. That too in a five-star property like Sheraton, which seems to favour foreign-looking guests.

Malwani surmai curry in Masemari Sadashiv Peth was not at all good. The malwani curry was non-spice,no salt,sweet kind of taste The surmai served in the the curry was just a boiled fish put on top.. If they are famous for fish don't know how to make fish. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!! They don't have any chutney with the starters no green chutney. No sauces they only have a coconut tasteless chutney that too very thick.  Butter prawns had no salt no spice nothing, it was tasteless!!

Sadly i know the place very well as i live nearby, few months back i went to this place with my friends and i did not like the place a bit, i found it too pretentious, they prepare and serve interesting menu in a boring way

Visited dis place...luking @ d place n its ambience i had expected it wud provide gud food...it ws nt @ all gud...below avg...neva 2 visit nw :/

I ordered twice from this place and there was a difference of 10-20 rupees from the total amount I had calculated after looking at the menu from zomato and the bill which was sent. The second time I asked him to send me the new menu so that I can have the new pricing. But the prices were same on both zomato and the menu he gave me. Upon ordering the 3rd time I asked him on phone about the bill and again there was a difference of 10rupees. When I asked him how come its 10 rupees more he said that...

Horrible service... Waiting for order from past more than 1 hour... No replies... Pathetic.... Food shouldn't be just tasty but also should be time bound

I ordered aloo ki tikki from tasty tongues today. The taste was good. But at the end I got a stapler pin in my mouth! Luckily I didn't swallow it. Worst place!

If you have money, and no time to find any other place to eat, you'll go for this place. The best part is, Chhole Bhature is tasteless, still you pay 150  But at the end if you want to just eat anything, you're welcome here 

Today , I visited these place at 3.30 .. I ordered soup and paneer crispy in satater and main course .. am very disappointed because they serve main course with starter  .They gave reason is that there kitchen is closed at 4 .. so I didn't understand why they accept order if there kitchen is closing at 4 pm .. we ate stater and main course at time .. roti became very hard when we started  eating .. it's waist of money .. we try to point out these to owner but he didn't care about it ... I think ...

Worst mess in the whole country... They don't give a shit about the students...  Food is damn tasteless!!  If you want to join a mess try any other but not this one..  Despite of protest by students for the quality of food, they never ever change

They need to improve the Chinese menu. Triple schezwan rice is nowhere close to the average what other restaurants serve. Though I like their Punjabi food, dal khichadi and dosas, pav bhaji.

From past few years, Palavi hotel has always been my favorite place for lunch / dinner / parcels. The taste is good, but recently, a big increasing issue of this hotel that customers are experiencing is POOR HYGIENE. Coming to the point: Today I had ordered a parcel consisting of Steam Rice, Dal Fry & Methi Mutter Malai. There was a cockroach inside the Dal Fry !!! I have attached a photo for proof. The hotel person accepted their mistake but I just felt that I should warn other people, so that ...

Permit Room. . . .  In simple words not worth place, it's even not worth for alcohol Drinkers.  High rates with low quality n service. Ambience is very cozy n bad. Low lights with unclean area.  Not worth place.  Who wants to drink lot with silence alone its good for them.

Ambience is okay. They neglect the cleanliness factor. Rates are expensive compared to the Ambience and Food quality. Taste is okay. Quantity is good but quality is not as per the expectations. Butter chicken was good. Not recommended for families.

Worse experience ever... Would not recommend for families n couples..... Under cooked food... Soft drinks with no soda in it..worse ambiance.. . N on top of that arrogant waiters.... Hated it... We left eating nothing ,returned d entire order... But nobody in d management cared..  They gave us d bill , we paid n left...

One of the worst pizzas I've ever had.....the base is literally toast and the toppings are utter shite. Trust me you'll be better off with dominos

OK place. pure veg pizzas. Affordable  place. However, very short on toppings and very thin layer makes you feel eating bread. The taste however was good of the topping and though thin but evenly spread. All in all ok place, can have sometimes.

its too average. it's been there for years and business still hasn't picked up! come on you guys make some offers or some shit! i had a cheese sandwich here once. it was so...ordinary. i still haven't had a pizza there yet, i don't know if i should though

not as much as good then other restaurant price is average.. for daily food but not good for weekend ... if u wanna try something special in budget then definitely this is wrong choice .. don't go there..

A place which is more like a landmark than a good hotel. Located on the lane leading up to MIT College, the place is popular for a decent breakfast or a meal. The place is full of cheap places and hence this place is an automatic high value place.   The service is quick and responsive but the food taste changes often. The whole experience can be pathetic if you order the same dish next time and is no where close to its original taste.   The seating is divided into indoors and covered outdoors....

Its a regular restaurant, but has the worse quality of food..I ordered Stuffed Parathas which didn't even had proper stuffing and with that they gave a Sip of Dahi with no Pickle even.. And Pizza was stuffed only with Onion and Lots of Cheese. And this much food was costing 300+. And even the service wasn't up to the mark.. Worse Quality food and Costly Place..

I ordered Baingan bharta (served with 2 parathas) and American choupsey via Zomato yesterday. Maybe I look for decent(palatable) taste and for good, tasty food or perhaps its just that the other restaurants around have set a way higher benchmark. Both the dishes were a disaster despite the 1 hour 20 min late delivery. I have never had amsuch sweet baingan bharta. I don't know which Indian cuisine serves it sweet! I'd say my kheer is less sweet than the Bharta that waa made and sent to me yesterd...

Food quality- methi parathe which I order was not at all hot, moreover it was sour in taste, that means food is expired. Not expected from chaitanya parathe

It was the first time I ordered food from chaitanya parantha and I had the worst experience....it was delivered late as well as the food quality wasn't up to the mark...

Had ordered veg kolhapuri,which was burnt veggies wth burnt tadka,aloo nazakat for starters which was tasteless n just boil patatoes,only the quality of tandoori Roti's was upto the mark.... Pathetic food taste,very bad experience for the first time,as I'm a regular customer of nebula which is near to home,but totally unhappy this time...

Third class place wid no respect for the customers .. No service at all !!!  owners are humble but staff doesn't care at all .. Thankyou ..

Located at the corner of the lane going to Dahanukar colony in Kothrud, Jalsa is pretty prominently. It's just another place around the corner where boozers from the area get together to catch a few cold or large ones. That should make it infinitely clear that this is not a place for family crowd (at all). Nearly the whole of the establishment is smoke friendly.  The alcohol is served on nip basis making it a bit pocket friendly. The food is average. Very spicy  with ample use of green chilies...

Horrified!!! Is all I can say .. Menu has work prices the place is unaware I guess that they r on zomato .. Over charged us .. Then argued .. Ordered a butter chicken full got know what they sent us very disappointed

Had egg omlete in this place. Very pathetic and salty and the owner refused to take it back. It is my first and last visit to this place. I will recommend you try at your own risk.

Not good service & manager roundly answer no more fine dies & food not available wetter not available manager answers go other restaurants not go this restaurant

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I JUST GOT ROBBED FEW HOURS AGO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! VERY BAD!!!!!! DONT WASTE YOUR TIME N MONEY HOWEVER i used to love this restaurant until today, but now the menu is ruined, prices are super high (robs u off), the quality is super low. From now on, this is one of the most low grade Bengali restaurant I know. After Spending  1200 bucks i got a rotten egg with no potato in my chicken dakbanglo which was not the ca...

I am really amazed to see the high ratings for this restaurant. The place, ambience and the taste of food all gives this place negative points. I am a Bengali and I know my cuisine that's why I'm saying this. AND MIND IT THIS PLACE IS OVERPRICED!!  Kosha Mangsho was totally bland. Chicken Kobiraji had fried egg drops which were tasteless and the oil used was not good. The only thing good was the Vegetable Chop as I remember. Rice was good but the Mains spoiled it completely. The maach bhaja (fis...

I had a not so good experience at this restaurant. I ordered for betki patori and was told that they don't have the fish. I can understand some fish are seasonal. Then ordered for illish patori and rohi jhol with rice. The service was prompt and food was served in 15 mins. I was shocked at the portion size. Jhol was served in a small bowl in which generally pickles are served. I requested for additional jhol and was ready to pay for it. But then the manager/owner came over and the conversation t...

I think the zomato rating of the place alone should have put us off from going. Ambience is just average, you can tell that they've just converted a flat into a "cafe". Terrible service, and at the end of a long wait for a starter they served us well undercooked chicken lollipop. Safe to say we didn't order anything else and left. Definitely avoiding this place at all times.

Landed here searching for simple roti subzi dal meal...the dal and chhole was watery , aalo subzi was cold only roti was hot n satisfying. To add to the misery I saw a rat stalking from under one of the table & the owner (who seemed to be a broker as well) was arguing loudly with a lady about room deposit he allegedly owned her . The place is dingy & poorly maintained . Hygiene doesnt seem to anywhere in the owners priority. Overall a forgetable experience, wouldn't dare take such a  gastro chal...

It's permanently closed

Mediocre ambience (Though A/C), the omnipresent menu, OK OK service, tasteless preparation, Cost is comparatively higher than many other similar types of restaurant ............. The only advantage is location which is just outside companies like persistant, tech mahindra, idea cellular which may give their employees a benifit and that is why these are probably their only customer.... who drinks to forget their woes from office.. :)

Location - Near TechMahindra, Nal stop, Pune.  Ambiance - ** Menu options - ** Taste - ** Service - *** Price - **  Overall - **  This place was close to my earlier place of work, so visited it often. It has a suffocating feel to it. You don't feel fresh when you are inside. The menu options are also all standard. None of the dishes is extraordinary. Taste is also ok. Again nothing great there. Price is ok, but for the kind of taste of the food, even that seems too much! Not recommended. there a...

I used to get a parcel from here every now and then because it was the only accessible biryani place for me. The biryani is below average. The rice and flavour is good but the pieces are terrible. You'll find 3 tiny, bony pieces in it and if they do have meat on it, it won't be very well cooked. The curry is the typical orange, oily gravy whether you ask for tikka curry or kolhapuri or handi!  Also the old man who sits at the counter is a bit weird to talk to. Although, The quantity of the piece...

Had ordered from here on the New Year's eve. Hence, there was a lot of rush. We had ordered the Chicken Hakka Noodles, Fried Rice and Chicken Manchurian. The chicken and the noodles were quite under cooked. It's a sheer disappointment when you go to restaurant on a recommendation and it fails to deliver the basic expectations.

Worst Chinese ever!! Ordered chilli Chicken which was completely bland n stinking too...D rice was tasteless n noodles were of very low grade quality over boiled n no veggies.... Pathetic will never order again.

Called the restaurant to place a parcel order. Had a very unpleasant experience with the person i was talking to as she was not ready to deliver the food at door step instead asked me to pick up my order from a location she wanted to. Very bad experience..

worst place ever... dunno y its still not black listed. found cockroaches on my food there. Also once a fan fell over my colleague having lunch there. Kitchen is like a pitch dark dirty hell. If u wanna live run away... Disgusting cooks who wipe their sweat and throw it on the food without care.

not to when you are really very hungry, bcouse along with food there are roud staff to welcome you n your dissatisfaction  ----- 27 Dec, 2011 ----- food is not as it is suppose to be topping up wd very rude staff, who is not ready to listen to your feed back

Y do these guys in wanowri dont gv home delievery that 2 for rs 500... very bad ... ice cream amazing but service is bad...

No Bohemian food available.. And when when we reach there only north Indian :(

Pretty standard bar and restaurant. The food quality is very average ambience well there is none. You find most people there are habitual drinkers. So if you looking for a quick fix drink you may consider. If you looking for a good time please avoid :)

What do I say where do I start... One of my worst gastronomic experiences... Came here after hunting for an hour for close by restaurants ...pathetic service and bad understanding of what u want... They think everybody is a drunk if u order a beer....suggesting this as an avoidable destination...

Too much noisy, inside. Outdoor seating area not well maintained for cleanliness. Food is ok, like ok if digestion is the only concern. And yeah, the flies might sometime irritate you while you eat.

Been here for hookah. Very dull place. It is full of mosquitoes. Not at all good. Hookah rates are pocket friendly. Service is bad. Ambience is worst.

This review in it's original form and many more reviews on restaurants in Pune can be seen at my blog :-  http://anotherpunefoodblog.blogspot.com  Please visit :)  =======================================================================  Today we shall interview the writer of http://anotherpunefoodblog.blogspot.com, and find out about the latest snack joint he visited, revealing what he ate there, what he liked or didn't like and also the over all experience.  Where did you do?  Crepeteria.  So, ...

The menu at Crepeteria is not exactly French rather a fusion of American and Canadian French. My experience was not exactly as l had hoped. The place is small and would/could imitate a French bistro had it been a little more authentic or even a little more taste worthy with its food. The prices are excessively steep and the portion size is rather miniscule. Burgers are more like sliders and submarines are missing the footlong target by at least six inches. All this can be overlooked had the food...

When I heard the name of this place, I felt like my prayers had been answered and that too in the heart of Koregaon Park- Lane 5! Finally a place that devotes its self into the art of making, what the French mastered- Crepes! But sadly  I was to disappointed that havent been able to muster the courage to go back to this place again. To begin the (mis)adventure ordered Strawberry Mojito, Cappuccino and Lemon Iced Tea. The Mojito for some reason tasted sour and the Lemon Iced Tea reminded me of th...

The worst place to go to...worst servicing...they brought some of our order after the cheque...the tall waiter had attitude more than his height...there was no butter in butter naan...the cloth which he used to clean our dine was smelling like shit..n when we asked for our right (butter) he told us its too expensive..the food served was cold AF..n the food was served on hands as no table was available as their on waiters were sitting n having food..

There was a cockroach in my Food..i ordered palak khichdi from Swiggy..and found a dead cockroach..and threw the food away..Disgusting experience..Now i can understand how must be their Pathetic Kitchen..

Had heard lot about this restaurant but was totally disappointed... Ambiance is average with food quality is also not so great... I wonder how this restaurant works... Need lot of improvement in the service and attitude of employees... Will not recommend it....

Food taste bad...ordered one dish and to my surprise they bring it within 2 mins. Was shocked by this..when tested that dish it has very bad smell..seems the food was prepared 2- 3 days ago...open seating is just irritating and very unhygienic... There is a half wall in-between restaurant and road and lot of people come for smoke at other side of wall..you feel like you are seating in a full packed smoked bar..very hopeless experience...

I really don't like this restaurant(eww).. Average( or worse) food taste..No value for money.. Average ambience... Good seating capacity..But that's it.. Don't expect much when you visit this place...AVERAGE RESTAURANT!

Extremely bad restaurant. Just visit their kitchen once and you will see why i have rated one star. I ordered pizza and paneer chilli and found it cold and it had some hairs in it. When complained to the manager, he was not at all sorry for it. He said if u dont want to eat u may leave. Pathetic service and food

Worst hotel...of all time..Period!! Service is just shitty..I ordered starter which arrived 40 mins late when we were about to leave..Also mushroom was not cooked properly..Paneer sabji was worst of all..gravy was just watery and paneer was raw..

Horrible place.really bad.the nonveg served here is really bad. Took a chicken handi over here.it came in a handi full of brown gravy and some pieces of chicken brests in it which was mostly bones...the roti also is very bad. Ordered a tandoori chicken.got half a chicken with d neck of the chicken intact with d body,it was totally red and burned up.so i really felt d taste of tandoor in tandori. Also,ordered a schezwan noodle(non veg).got some horribly cooked noodles totally oily,like when u eat...

The food is so Bad. Chicken is always not properly cooked. Biryani is too spicy and other dishes sometimes feel like they dont have salt at all. It is really overpriced for NOT so good food. If all the sources are finished in Pune then only You'd wanna go here.

There is no option for Zero else i would have given Zero. In terms of service pathetic. By mistake i was dining there but, they way i found the service was that, i will not even recommend my enemy. All the staff member bother less.

Actually doesnt deserve 1 point also,when I and my friends were searching for a restaurant We went to anand Punjab.very dirty atmosphere.after eating the rubbish food a waiter came and kept the left over plates of other customers on our table.it was full of chicken bones.poor and dirty service.never ever visit this place

Called the number listed but was told that Place is closed forever . Why is this still on zomato

The food here is overpriced and does not live up to expectations. Very small and uncomfortable place.

Its ok a type and budget place but its not a hygienic place. Service is not good. They are not bothered about customer. After placing the order after some time waiter came and said item is not available. Waiter  behavior is not good at all with customer and when reported at counter they have not bothered to say sorry or taking it seriously. Will not recommend to anyone to go there.

Actually it is very much pocket friendly but not a hygienic one. I frequently used to visit this restaurant but one day I found a dead worm in the vegetable and when reported they were not bothered to say sorry or taking it seriously.

Me and my colleague visited this place over Zamu's, considering this joint boasted of a longer history and authentic Parsi dishes.   We were happy to be here and completed our meal. When the bill arrived for 920/- I kept 500x1 + 100x2 + 50 x 6 = 1000/- rupees in total in the tray. Seconds later, the waiter comes back to me with those notes saying its only 900/- rupees and I need to pay 20 more!! I DISTINCTLY remember placing the above currency notes in that exact order (coz that's all the Cash ...

Me and my friend visited this place on a Saturday evening. The place was decent and the service was quick, but the very reason you visit a restaurant is for their food. We had ordered 2 simple dish from the menu: Chicken Dum Biryani and a chicken cutlet. It was the most horrified thing I have eaten in the name of Chicken dum Biryani and chicken cutlet. All I could see on my plate was oil,oil and some more oil. Pathetic. Doesn't deserve a single star.

This place is closed. we went there today (13th July 12). Zomato must keep updated information otherwise it will be a waste of our time.

Ice tea was fine but New York Cheese Cake is HORRIBLE!  I NEVER HAVE ANY CHEESE CAKE THAT HAVE A HORRIBLE TASTE LIKE THIS IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!  (Tastes like a leftover cake with a sand at the bottom of it). Even a strawberry lush is god damn sweet!! I can take only 2 sips of it 

Worst Restaurant, Their Surmayi Fish Tastes Like Pure Plastic, excessively Priced with Zero Ambience, Flies always flying on the table,Worst Experience, Don't Visit This Hotel

Personal Views: May be that's their taste, but I had the worst pizza of my life.Ambience: 2Service: 3Food: 1

Byoc - bring your own cheese. I have initiated 2 complaints to their corporate office on the scarcity of cheese and on the 2nd occasion assured that a repeat of the same would not occur. So untill my next order with this outlet as fare as the cheese is concerned, have you been served ?

It was a regular afternoon. The cafe was empty- I seemed to be the first customer of the day. The waiter knew nothing about anything on the menu. He doesn't answer questions or show even the slightest expression. HE JUST STANDS THERE LIKE A WAX STATUE. My colleague asked for a hot coffee and a bearded young man who was supposedly the 'Manager' was very irritated upon this request. He rudely said--' Sir there is no hot drink available. If you want a hot coffee I can give you water mixed with suga...

"kahwa" I was fascinated by name of the resto and have always wanted to visit. But my visit here was a mere disappointment, I visited  here to spend some good time with a friend of mine. Ambience location and confort was all good but unfortunately food did not play any role making this "good time" I had ordered Onion Rings , Paneer 65 and Choklate Milkshake, of which only onion rings was a little ok. They have their own reciepi for Paneer 65 and it is nowhere mentioned in the menu card that they...

Used to visit this place years ago only for hookah and some of its food items as it has been reopened for hookah I was a bit excited to visit it again and when I did it was so disappointing . They have the same old hookah menu that's good but the prices for a dull place like that , not happening for me . It used to big and nice but now they have just 4 tables and regular flavours for high price . If you happen to go then eat schezwan fries for sure

the place has shut down. Instead, a new place called " the Purple Spoon " has come up. Kindly remove from listing.

Called for a chocolade b  ,  crunchy crackle  and hazlenut .  The quantity is really less. They have made their take away glass in such a shape that they can save on the quantity.   Taste is fine. Its like a milkshake.

Whenever we feel like having Chokolade- B or M use to land up this outlet but now thr quality has decreased it doesn't provide the same taste from past 3 to 4 experience not liking this outlet anymore

I'm giving these guys  two rating just for the taste. Which is usually excellent. But how is that a medium? Very disappointed with the quantity because I've had a medium at the store and its so much more than this.. Lame.

I found insect in my Cad B; a disgusting experience.The owner didn't even pay attention to it and was reluctant to listen anything.  A humble request don't have anything at this place.

doesn't deliver....stop misleading us please, especially when we are hungry.

its shut down  now . so dont go here

I called them today and got to know that the restaurant is permanently shut down now. Better not waste any time reading reviews. Head out hunting other good restaurant in same bracket.

there is nothing spl abt this place. i had pan cake and thank got its sundae which according to me was below my expectation. The quality of chocolate sauce and chocolate ice cream was below par.

The number provided connects the call and after extension is entered the phone just rings.. Useless Waste of my money

The place exclusively for Hookah. They don't have an outdoor sitting. The smoke stays in the room itself; no place for it to go out. It suffocates. If you're planning to spend Rs. 500/- on Hookah, try to visit a place which has an outdoor sitting. They don't accept cards. If you've no cash, they can take your ATM card & withdraw money through ATM for you. But it's risky & not good.

poor service..  tried to call but after answering it kept it aside... later when tried to call again continuously got busy tone... if they doesn't want to cater to clients they should say so

They have no good options for vegetarians. The place is small and cramped-up and smells awfully as well.  If you have to eat from here, better order home. Also there are no healthy options either. If you are vegetarian, definitely not worth the money at all, overpriced and not so tasty. Would not recommend it.  Hygiene - 2.5 / 5 Ambience - 2.0 / 5 Food - 2.5 / 5

Food is just fine and a pint of beer is too costly, which is not worth.  Wooden floor in lounge is not to be liked at all. Tiles are just coming out of the floor so be cautious.

Very chaotic, lot of people, too much noise, stressed out staff.. sure you get maharashtrian food but it doesnt outweigh the stuff I mentioned before. Not recommended.   Not at all.

I guess this is what happens when you become famous! Customer service and the way you treat customers goes for a toss! No matter how many ppl are in the waiting queue, you have to treat everyone with due respect! Remember food comes secondary... a customer with bad experiences will not just come again but tell that experience to as many possible! A suggestion... customer is king and has made you where you are today!  Sorry, after such a bad experience I don't wanna rate the food! Hope this revie...

Staff is too rude. May be because of their success. There is too much rush. If you register your name, first they will tell you one hour waiting. But when you come back after an hour he will neither tell you waiting time nor he will allow you to check his register.  I have few suggestions, Please don't keep hundreds of people on waiting if you are poor in management. Show some trasperancy, we are your customers not beggars.

Not delivering after 11 am.. Not expected from US Pizza. I tried to call Hinjewadi Phase 2 pune shop but they said they will not deliver after 11pm..

I am food lover and a big fan of Bangalore-Indijoes and with that impresion in mind I threw my birth-day party at Pune-Indijoes. Food was pathetic and horrible. My friend were not able to taken down a single gulp. Even we felt that rodents are a better as compared to that food. After Complaining several times over there, even they served the same food. Now onwards I am planinng not to visit any Indijoe's outlet across India and suggest my other friends too.

Horrible staff... The food was good when I had been there earlier and so I went there again. But the restaurant staff especially the manager were horrible. They literally started a verbal fight (much more than an argument) with me. I have, for the first time seen any restaurant manager fight with a customer unnecessarily. If the trend continues, I will never suggest anyone to go to this place.

I regularly visit ki.ling but now I don't find it value for money..that green curry veg had no mushroom..broccoli or tofu or paneer .just pathetic cabbage .and charging 270 was just too.much .all dishes have same problem. .fleecing customers!

Hopless Hopless Hopless Food..  Rediculas Rediculas Rediculas Service..  Pathetic pathetic Pathetic Quality..  Never order form here..  Trust me

No menu card with prices.. Pity!!! Having a menu card makes it so much easier for people accessing this site to make a choice.. I hope u guys comply.. The phone number mentioned is a wrong number hence it was not possible to call n ask for details..

Very bad service.. Need to ask forknknife, ketchup even for water, pizza base was chewy, pizza was not prepared as per the toppings mentioned in the recipe(menu) , potato vegges were too oily, aircon was not working... tables were not clean until the customers asked for it ... clearly spoiling the brand name of Pizza Hut ..

Bad Service Rude Staff Mr.Devendra was very rude just asked why cant he redeem the pizza.He just its not possible very rudely.No carrybags Available.Pathetic Staff and so the service.

I ordered 2 pizza today, the pizza base was not fresh at all, was very difficult to eat, the double cheese pizza was very salty, we couldn't eat or enjoy our meal. Appauling service. Very disappointed with pizza hut for the first time!! Complete waste of money!!

Order veg pizza. It's damp cold. 25min late delivery. Delivery person is arguing too. Bad service. Not expected from pizza hut. Not able to eat the pizza at all

Appalled by the staff behaviour. The tone in which they spoke was disrespectful and impolite. When placing the order, the waiter said that they required a minimum bill of more than Rs.500 because there were 12 of us, else we were told to leave the cafe!!

The most hopeless outlet of all CCDs in Pune . I came here all the way from satara road because  it has a good location and I had planned to catch up with my long lost school friend.   It happened so that these people came up with a wrong drink not once or twice but thrice   On the first attempt there was no cream and oero topping on my friends shake. On the second attempt they got some Oreo chunks in the drink with no cream .  After a long argument they made a new drink topped it with wip cream...

No wifi, it's a wrong info mentioned here.   We were as a table of 3 who went there. Ok ok service and staff. One of them was eating sitting behind the counter and answering my queries.   Had to request for ac to b switched on.   Weird outlet.

Poorest service. The waiters keep chatting while you keep waiting. (Probably why they served us the wrong sandwich!)  Food looks stale, not sure how hygienic the kitchen would be.

Too loud music . Can't even talk....useless place to visit....order takes  so long to deliver...delovery boy gives others first and yours last...never visit.

Its a regular barista joint, good place to hangout with friends. Went there to catch up some old friends, coffee was good. Service is also good. But the place really needs maintenance.

This place is not good to go, these people don't know what does mean by happy hour , happy hours means 1+1 but this people are so nomadic they don't even know.. please don't visit here ... strictly prohibit yourself.

I hardly write reviews on zomato, however my experience today at Mayur Thali, Chinchwad branch has made me do it.  It cost me a whopping Rs. 350 per plate, that too without sweet. It is good for black money hoarders. The gravies were so substandard, no paneer at this cost. Aloo n baingan was served.  Not even worth 50 rupees.  PLEASE DO NOT VISIT MAYUR THALI, CHINCHWAD BRANCH.

Just had gone with family to have veg Thali but disappointed with quality of food. You will also get better quality than this food at half price in any other restaurants. ( They charged 350 per person for unlimited Thali with one sweet)These guys do lot of advertising so probably customer might visit 1st time but repeat visits will not be there.  I recommend not to visit this place.

I ll rate this thali as bad till date. with the lesser price you ll get so much of variety in Rajdhani thali. With so much of price you ll get 2-3 types of Sabji n 1-2 pieces of sweet.. I ll suggest u better go for rajdhani thali with unlimited sweet and so much of variety. worst service, u need to call for everything...no attention at all.. Mayur ppl ,awake ..m not sure if you r in thali industry from more than 50 yrs if this is ur quality...

Dear Mgmt-  Mayur Thali, I had dined on 2nd March 15, at 21:46 on Table Number 1 with invoice number 133, Seasons Mall outlet.This was my second and last visit at your outlet. I read your reviews in Pune times ( being number 1 in veg. thali ) and had visited your place first. This time I preferred dinning with a guest. Me, my wife, Daughter and the Guest. We ordered The Famous thali. We were served many items, out of which was Dahi Bada. It was good and nice hence my wife ordered one m...

I have heard  a lot fregarding mayur restaurant and its thali..yesterday i went there...thali was worst and daal bati was also worst...taste of food hopeless...

Viman Nagar Branch  Poor customer service. no attentive staff.  if they claim for unlimited dishes they they provide. we asked for extra cup of Basundi and they denied saying its over but it was served for other customers.  (they did offer for rashogulla but it never came :P after waiting and asking twice to the Staff)  Really Bad Staff and customer service. we went in a group and it was embarrassing for all of us.  Thanks.

Great location, lovely staff and nice venue that is completely let down by bad quality of food. Buffet menu is too small for the price, particularly on the starters.   This is on my list of places never to return to. Too bad because good ambiance but bad food.   Feel free to check it out for yourself, but if you are expecting high quality grub, you might want to look elsewhere.

The food, service and waiter's don't go with the beautiful ambience. "The last word in Indian Food" is their tag line and its true, I will prefer as the last option to go there.  The food (and drinks) arrived really late. Love the ambience and food quality was moderate.

Went there yesterday night.  Like other reviews (on this or other sites) I confirm I found the following.   - No beer (so that you are forced to order some costlier cocktails), even though it is on the menu. - Very very pricey for the service and the food quality. Pathetic service really.  And somewhat strangely behaving bouncers (over friendly sometimes, or cold long stares sometimes).  I would better go to  - Highest  ice to cocktail ratio anywhere :-)  A pitcher hardly made it to 4 long thin ...

BUFFET: I went here a couple of weeks after it'd opened. It was very lacklustre. I insist you not to go here as the service too is very slow. The only thing i enjoyed was the tiramisu of which I got only one helping.

I feel bad to have relied on reviews for this place! TIP - DO NOT COME HERE FOR THE BUFFET! Easily the worst food I've come across in a very, very long time... STALE is the only word to describe everything that was served here!  My friend who came along with me vomited after eating the egg from their egg biryani! The chicken served in the starters was stale and smelled... In fact everything was stale and smelled.  Do not go here!!!

I am giving 1 because I cannot give less than that. Went for a team lunch.. First of all the service is toooo damm slow. We were around 12 people. And just 2 waiters were serving to the whole bay.. Did not clear table even when asked for.. Starters and main course were pathetic. And there were very less options to eat. And the desserts were just horrible. Please DO NOT GO. Waste of Money, Time and Mood. I had the worst experience here.

Absolutely waste of money !!! Avoid, avoid, avoid. They need to understand the concept of buffet. They vary their choices over the week. They expect you to visit every day and waste your money. The buffet spread is astonishingly sparse. Would not recommend.

Puran da dhaba located in The pride Hotel, created to give a rustic look, but the cleanliness is a let down and give the place a dirty look, music is loud, coming to food, though they offer many item, food at best is OK, if i resist myself calling it below Par. Overpriced for the quality they offer. The Hotel may try to improve either food or replace the menu.

Had visited this place to celebrate a birthday....But had a very bad experience.  There were cats roaming within the premise of the restaurant. Improper lighting & lack of ambience made the place all the more gloomy. Food was pathetic in taste and the service from the staff was really very poor.   Never imagined this kind of experience from such a renowned hotel group.........

we went to this restaurant at a function of a baby's one year birthday. I have tried this restaurant before as well. Both the time it has disappointed me. There is no standard considering its inside the Hotel Radisson Blu. Ambience is very good but food taste is a failure.

Ordered a Chicken and cheese grilled sandwich....what i got was Cheese grilled sandwich and Grilled chicken.I mean i expect people to understand English.Inspite of the order being wrong given to me the best part is i had to pay for the Cheese grilled sandwich.Ideally i should have paid for nothing!Poor service will never go back.

Walked into the Casablanca@ Pride Hotel  for a late afternoon coffee and snacks, with my parents in tow. We ordered cappucinos and Chilli cheese toast and Panini chicken and cheese sandwiches. After a loooong time, our order arrived....only to completely ruin the mood. The Chilli cheese toast was devoid of ANY cheesy taste and the wafers that filled the plate (as accompaniment) were probably a month old, soft and soggy! The Panini sandwiches were again tasteless, with a sad slice of cheese in it...

I Requested for a delivery from the shop and I was not been given information regarding the charges.  Had ordered the mushroom mall roll and it tasted just stale and bitter as though it was yesterday's food microwaved and sent out to me. Not at all recommended for freshness

I have been to this outlet a couple of times. the pizzas are of average quality. the salads are a let down. they stink alot! Its not a very healthy place! there aint any ambience. The manager and the waiters are very arrogant and tend to get aggressive if u consume much of their unlimited meal! lol!!   please do avoid it!   NOT a fun place to visit Unfriendly staff Stale salads no ambience no cleanliness high pricing  USP average pizzas

Went just to use some hike coupons. The place smells..and it's so dim seems like they were saving electricity. There are not much people. Why at first place I went I still wonder about it. Pizza was just like bread butter toast .. toppings weren't roasted at all. They presence was negligible. It would have been better called bread butter.

Very small place,hardly people visit here,not very good staff very few varieties of pizza! Hardly 15 people can accomodate here! Staff is too much annoying!

I visited this place for a birthday party !  Being hyatt,i expected the quality of food to be good! It was abysmal.Plus there was no variety for vegeterians!Today was street food day! Which was nowhere close to it ! Visit this place at yout own risk! Service is good,being hyatt they should do this!

As a kid I always visited this place almost everyday after college. Back then only tried the cold coffee which was truly value for money. Recently I recommended this cafe at work and we decided to order lunch from there. I tried their chinese food and I want to caution you all, never ever order chinese from this place! The amount of corn flour they use is unreal, while cutting pieces of chicken from the gravy we realised that it is completely uneatable. I'm not sure about any of the other produc...

Closed now :)  bad place for family... most of time hukka people and drinkers takes care of this place piece of mind...

We were here for team lunch on 31st Aug. It was buffet for us.The taste of food was worst. There were two non-veg starters, 1 chicken and 1 fish. Chicken was only coated with layer of cornflour. As we were waiting for the next round of starters, waiters there over removed plates of some of my team mates without confirming from them. We have to ask them for repeating starters, the second time.Then it comes on main course. There was chicken named Murg Peshawari and fish curry. In fish curry, there...

The food is heavily over priced. The kerala breakfast, puttu 1 kuti costs 60 rs ..U should be crazy to have that. I ordered some veg subji and rotti and my hus ordered some non veg biryani. Both were just ok ok and costed around 400. I will never ever go there again.

Pathetic service, the food is average. It took them 15 min to get welcome drink, that too when it was asked for. The buffet price might attract you, but avoid going there due to very poor service.

Wrst place evr.!!! Nt evn wrth 1 star

Been thr with friends ..ambience is OK ok ...food is not so good ... .service is slow even place was almost empty on Saturday night and we had to wait for 45 mins just to get starters ...

The Restaurant looks very tired and the staff as well. Staff was shabbily dressed with very poor communication skills. The food is not at all up-to the mark and service is very laid back. Did not enjoy the food at all. The less said the better about the food. A complete no-no place. Please don't waste your time visiting Regalia!

planned a party with office fellow , booked DJ floor which was not at good at all, speaker's are worse, ambience not cool that much even it was Saturday still not much crowd was there. Food not at all good, it's worth less to go there for party. might be good for your family out . after 10 o clock they stating forcing us to start dinner and for snacks also every time we needed to ask at least 2 time to get it.

Had been there on Valentine Day. They had changed menu card itself which means menu was shrink ed and prize was too much. Apart from ambiance( though it's not very WOW), it's a very poor service and taste restaurant especially during any special occasion.  I will not prefer or suggest this hotel to anyone.

This place is closed now

Trust me this is really not the place to be! The service is pathetic the person behind the counter is hopeless! They take like forever to serve your order. Ambience is horrible, music is horrible! Well they did manage to get me a bad head ache which lasted the whole day!

Not the best mcD in b'lore,unhappy wit service

Horrible food quality. This outlet is the worst among all McDonald's outlet. The staff are rude and low standard unhygienic place. They don't even deserve 1 rating

Ordered for a delivery, thru app, which was prompt, however they need to work on packaging. The fries, which are my favourite, were too soft and soggy had to wast most of it, the cokes packed in paper cups had gone flat, by the time it was delivered.the burgers had gone cold as well. They are good in dine in business, but delivery a long long way to go. 

Had the worst experience at this Mc Donald's outlet today. The staff is rude and the manager is just not capable of handling situations.   Visited this outlet after office to pick a burger. First and foremost, out of 3 or 4 counters only 2 were working. And out of these 2 counters, only 1 counter was accepting cards. After waiting for 15 mins in the queue, one of the staff members told me to move to the other queue as the card machine on this counter has stopped working. Since I could already s...

Over the years, Meals at McDonalds has renovated itself numerous times. In it's recent avatar, it has removed french fries out of their special meal option.  Instead, they have replaced it with a plastic toy which keeps changing as per the movie/product which they promote. I hope we don't see a day when they  remove the burger from the meal option and add another toy in it :) :)  As it is a part of common eatery in ECOSPACE building, it does not have its own space. But, its counter looks clean ...

What a useless mc d outlet is this one. It was a Sunday afternoon, when unfortunately I had to be in office. My office being in Ecospace itself, this place was an obvious choice for lunch. But, when I reached there, found it was perfectly mismanaged place. I don't know, if it is only for that particular day or everyday is the same story there. Ordered, 4 chicken maharaja mac meal for takeway, and when I brought the packet back to office, fries were missing and there were no straws as well in tha...

Mc'donald's bangalore very poor in taste.. Yesterday we planed our dinner in here and orderd mC maharaja meal and mc spicy meals the french fries and drinks are good bt the case of burgers was very poor in taste. My frnd were very disppointed on their quality.the vegitables and source in the burger was very bad nd the quality of fired chicken also.....plsss aware of food in here this branch shud make your brand value down... Service:3/5 Food:1/5 Ambiance:2/5 Vfm:1/5

Denied us our order before even though we came before closing time. Its not like we wanted to dine in, still we couldn't place our order. Last time I checked 10:45pm was before 11pm

The place was so dirty with ac in the ground floor not working..food was just ok...place needs to be cleaned every time a table gets empty..the cold coffee was tasteless...

Says 7 it opens but didint start serving till 8:30. I went all the way to the store and came to know that. They could have given a parcel but didn't agree to that as well.

Obviously the taste is pretty awesome considering the fact that the French fries, ham burgers etc are imported. But when it comes to maintenance this is the place you should not be visiting. Though numerous complaints, I don't think anything has been changed because one has to adjust with saucy tables ( don't mind if it sticks to you shirt) fries spilled seat and bear a price if you are not cautious and sit on coke spilled chair. Since this place is visited by numerous children once has to expec...

Yesterday we been to las vegas17 party, the food was bad, chicken was not properly cooked..there are even traces of chicken skin .., starters are only available for the first entrants..drinks were fine

Do not order from this PHD. Ever. Can't keep their promise.  Then, Blame on phone not reachable despite of having full address that everyone else in the world seems to be able to find without any effort. Just Excuses.

Dinner was not ready till 9pm, and wallah when it was it was inedible.  Had to fill up on caramel custard.  Horrible experience.  Not recomended if you want to go for a chinese buffet.

This place is closed. Do not bother searching.

worst experience ever..very bad service..food is worse.. not recommended

It is the Most chutiya Place ever DONT go rather full of racist People. So we were 3 girls and 3 boys, just sitting outside roadhouse, the bouncer came of road house named HARI, tries to molest one of girl and assaulted by brother, which resulted in Facial fracture, and the bouncer Hari was abusing girls, This Place is HELL, Should be shut down for the People they Hire. It deserve rating not even 1

Ambience wasnt good. Air conditioners were switched off. Ordered chocolate strawberry fantasy.The donut seemed stale. Not a very good experience. No spoons available.

Not at all recommended.... Biryani is neither Rayalseema style nor Hyderabadi style...

Waste of time, money and space!

Caution caution and a big caution this particular juice junction is very dirty and not hygienic at all  Loads of variety available but not kept the premise clean I would never step in or recommend any body

Sweets are overpriced and taste is not at all up to the mark. Purchased Malpua from here..did not have authentic flavor and too much sugar. Kolkata branches are much better.

My husband friend recommended him this sweet shop so he bought Malai chum chum and mochak to taste. Of which mouchak had stale smell and taste.Not worth.

Not sure what people find great.  I can only think they have no clue about gourmet Bong sweets!!! Absolutely inferior stuff sold at high price. Been their customer since 2013 I think- Koramangala then JP nagar- maida in sandesh for example at a premium price is unacceptable. The nonta stuff is okay sort of.. But each sweet is a disastrous rendition. Almost an insult to Bengali highlights as our mishtis.. And for this they charge what?? No sir. Not nice at all. I'd love to pay if you do it right...

A Bengali sweets place and they can't even make Sandesh properly. Been there after hearing about them to have Sandesh.  It was stale, brittle and very dry and above all priced like gold. Never visiting again. Hyper hyped 'sweet' shop.

8 PM on a friday evening caught us way too hungry and we wanted to taste some good continental meal. Casa Piccola is one of our frequently visited joints and we went to their Kamanahalli joint. This is a beautiful open building very simply but elegantly decorated. This time around, Casa Piccola was no longer there and was instead replaced by Benito's. (I am still puzzled why because they seemed to be doing good business)  We were famished and ended up at Benito's. This was the week when the avia...

Worst hotel around Marathahalli. Don't ever order food here. I have ordered food and i didn't get the food even after 3 hours. Worst worst worst ever hotel. They won't have anything on menu except of biriyani.

Had been on a lunch...this was the first time I was searching for bengali food...after I was relocated to bangalore... A complete disaster when it comes to food....the prices are rated too high when compared to the quantity and quality...Definitely not going to visit it once more...  Sorry Guyz...In the end...it is what u eat and how u rate....  For me...only 1.5/5

Worst place! I went ther to get a starter, i ordered chicken lollipop. A plate of chicken lollipop costed me 320 Rs after taxes n when i opened it had 5 thin pieces! Really 320 for that. No wonder it was empty when i reached there. At this rate Hopefully it will close down soon.

I had been here f,or the dinner buffet on a Sunday. The cost of buffet as Rs.450 + taxes, but after tasting the food I found it is not worth the money at all!! The starters were kind of okay but rest all terrible! The mutton maincourse had nothing in it but bones, fish tasted very bad! All I could enoy was the vanilla ice cream and green salad! The unfortunate part is that we ordered two mocktails, which was the worst mocktails I ever had! I could taste only some syrup and too sweet! I will neve...

Went there to have some Punjabi food. But I was disappointed by both food and service. Waiters were almost rude. Service was OK. Let pata chicken was good. Laccha paratha was semi cooked. There was barely any butter on butter Nan. Would not go there again.

Ambience : 4/5 Service : 3.5/5 Food: 2/5  Food is not at all of punjabi quality. We ordered latpata chicken, dahi kabab, naan, laccha paratha. Service was decent. Food quality should be improved. Not many spicy options. I wd not recommend going thr.

An average upahar in this locality .ambience is low but the price is twice to the quality .not satisfied with taste n serving  .for pure veg lovers this not the place to look in .better to move on to other restaurant/upahars than this one

I would have given  0 or - rating, but since I don't have an option I am giving 1 rating..  The worst restaurant experience we've ever had.  Never go.. even if you are hungry and you gonna die..  Horrible customer service by some unprofessional staff - we ordered 2 curries and parathas. Even when there was no crowd, we waited for more than 45 minutes for the serving. We decided to leave without food.  To the management,  If you think you can fool customers by getting the order and making them wa...

Horrible, pathetic Please don't go there despite the fact how hungry u feel and you have no other option  The food is yuck and you might end up with a stomach ache

Nothing  good here, including water :-(

One more restaurant is added in my list for serving WORST food. I did order for Chicken Rogan josh and kabab which was too horrible. And of course how can I forget about rotis/kulcha which made my jaws to pain. Nothing was good about this restaurant and definitely will not try it again.

Nothing special about the food here. Mutton sheekh kebab was particularly horrible. Definitely a no go.

They have lowered the quality now. I had 2 years back and food was awesome. I have visited with my team members last month and they served parathas cooked like 1 hr early. Meal was also same. I will not prefer visiting this place again. They have lost their charm and quality for which they were known.

The food is really pathetic. Service is bad and waiters are not at all friendly. Ambience seems like one is sitting in a jail next to a fish market.

I have ordered mutton biriyani family combo which have biriyani for 4 ,chicken 65 and naan.Quantity of biriyani is good but taste is underrated.dry mutton which no masala in rice.only one naan that too hard.chicken starter was good enough.

We went there tonight for dining, we ordered 2 plates of Hyderabadi Chicken Biryani. The experience was a mixed bag. Pro: 1. The quantity was adequate for one person 2. Price is less  Cons: 1. The chicken was very very dry. I could not even eat those dry rubbery chickens. 2. The masala in the biriyani did not mix at all, lumps of masala inside the rice was a surprise.

Had a very bad experience last night. Lesson learnt: never go with your previous experience, always include feedback/reviews when taking a decision.   Story: I had guests at home and we couldn't bother making any food as we had a lot to catch up on. We decided to order for quick bite. And here I am, the over excited chap as always assuring everyone of a great pizza with fast delivery( based on my previous experience at this outlet -dine in). Alas! Never did I know I would regret my decision so m...

The service was very poor. We had to wait for half hour just for a rooti.  The taste of cuisine was normal. The staff was very rude. For every thing we ordered they took 30 to 4G minutes, on enquiring about the status of the order they said 5minutes as a standard reply. Other customers were complaining the same. At last the bill we got was wrong.

biryani n curry has got insects in its food. The kitchen smells very dirty we order chicken lollipop  and chilly chicken in starter they came after 40 minutes non of them was cooked properly  Very very poor biryani. the chicken was cold from inside and did not smell good. waste of time and money. My company cafeteria vendor sells better Chicken Biryani and Mutton masala and at a far cheaper price.Not happy at all please avoid.......

I had a very bad experiance , i had a dinner in this hotel on 12/2/2013 around 9pm. i started vomiting at around 11 pm in the night. it was so nightmerish i almost had loose motion 20 times and vomitted 5 times.  my body condition was so weak i  thought i may die. i just got saved from the food poisioning. thank god.  ----- 13 Feb, 2013 ----- not good. do not go here , ...................................................

Pasta with cauliflower. Yuck.. The special enchiladas had no flavours.. The salsa sauce was good though ;) .. Spotted the place, found the ambience decent, but their food is no good..

It was a horrifying experience to visit Benito's Kamannahalli last sunday for lunch. Firstly, they didn't have half the veg items and drinks listed in the menu.  Then they served us starters, and while eating that an insect fell onto my plate from the roof. I call the manager and requested him to change our place. Then came the main-course, which was served cold. The sizzler was not sizzling and the food served was not as per our order. Not once but twice they mixed up the order. Totally pissed...

Decent place, good ambience. But not too many options for ve

Pathetic food, never ever try. The amount of garlic will get you crazy , the food is as smelly as garlic

Masala tea was not good. Vada pav was nice. As it popular for tea and first time I did not like tea there. No taste in tea as Masala tea. Not up to the mark as per price.

Over hyped place. I had ordered peri peri maggie and mango shake. It looked like they serve one regular maggie to 2 people at a cost of Rs. 50. Plain dry maggie with no veggies and not cooked properly - terrible experience. Quantity shall suffice a 2 year old. Mango shake was fine.

Yesterday we brought a parcel...Not at all good....It will be good for those who drink & eat in dark...

The icecreams look tempting in the pictures, but like many other things which look tempting, they disappoint. Taste-wise, they offer what every other icecream place does, but are priced a little higher. There are a few pastries and muffins too, and even they aren't so great.

You order for a fruit sensation.. Contrary to what you see in the displayed pic you get 2 scoops of ice cream, 2 (small) hand picked pieces of apple and 2 (small) hand picked pieces of pineapple and a spoon of sauce.. You wud stare in disbelief looking at the end result... For this crap you pay Rs200.. I would rather pay that for a street kulfi and still enjoy it.. . True example of "All that glitters is not gold".. The displayed pics are not even half as close of what they serve.. Head to swens...

Sux! Not good at all....

Please dont eat or order food from this place. I went there and ordered chicken. It was half cooked. If there is a negative marking in zomato i would have given a negative 5.0 . Juz because no negative marking allowed here i am giving the lowest mark , ie 1.0

These guys sure know how to spoil the otherwise spicy and mouth watering Chettinad biryani !! Don't even think of ordering the kababs, they're a joke(the size is one fourth of a normal kabab) !! Service is horrible!! The only respite was the mint gravy , the more like katli version of theirs ! But overall not recommended

I ordered food from here since they offered home delivery. I waited for 90 mins. After displaying my frustration, the jerk on the other end who also happened to be the owner spoke on the lines of "Take it or leave it". He went on to speak about how many restaurants he owned and how much turnover he had. Mr.Turnover, we'll appreciate you only if you can appreciate and own the concept of customer service. Fine foodies of Bangalore, please don't visit the place. I've boycotted this loony place long...

Chocolate room! Name sounds good but not the cake! I ordered a blueberry cheesecake online and expected it to be really good. But what I got was a pink sugar filled crust that is absolutely impossible to break and topped with lots of cream (didn't even taste like cheesecake, more like sugar syrup like). Funniest part it wasn't blueberry.. It tasted more like a strawberry syrup on top of white cream!  The packaging was completely gone. Seriously the worst!

I ordered for home delivery. Even though taste was good, they spoiled the look n shape of the cake. Need to maintain the delivery quality...

I had worst chicken sandwich ever. It was bland in taste. The quantity was so less, not grilled properly. Very disappointing , not upto Chocolate Room expectations.

Good place to feel the Rajastani ambience but not for food.  food in Rajadhnani(which also serves similar kind of food) tastes far better than this.one can not go only for ambience. they have to serve tasty food.

Went there with a lot of expectations however they serve maida dimsums insted of the Wheat starch used by premium places in bangalore , which gives a softer and transclucent look to the dimsums the filling was as pathetic. they really need do catchup with the rest of great dimsum places in bangalore.  Service:5/10 Ambiance3/10 Food:2/10 overall : 2/10

Food is not so good. No ambience. Staff service is bad. Not so clean place. Had ordered veg biriyani and got chicken biriyani. All that they did was replace it.   VEGETARIANS PLEASE BE CAREFUL OF WHAT YOU EAT HERE.

Very slow service but unfortunately I had to buy cakes for bdays here. Usual just bake.  Once I ordered via phone and they ditched me by not getting the cake. Very bad experience..

I have visited multiple outlets of just bake. It was the destination for all the bday cakes during my college days. I am not sure why all the franchises in marathalli is so bad. This particular place even though located in the prime location serves pathetic dry, stale, sugary thing which they call pastries. There is nothing called service exists here. They are so rude, careless and least bothered about the quality or hygiene of the food items. I would advice the manager to have a look at this is...

Just bake was all about celebration,happiness and delicious pastries. Me and my friends went to this marathalli just bake outlet few hours back. I ordered a litchi half kg cake for my roomates birthday. The guys (salesperson I believe) told us about the eggless cake and the one containing egg. I pointed my finger on the cake containing egg and told him to write down the birthday wish. The amount quoted in the bill was 380,I asked if its exclusive of tax. The guy told me its the eggless one. I to...

Guys,i purchased german chocolate cake today.Useless cream layer was more than the chocolate layer available inside.  Guys,find out other options,dont depend on just bake.  quality is poor now.

I would rate this dhaba (-5 )or even less than that.  I ordered a plate of chicken kabab and got only bones, it was over fried don't know from how many years they have been using the same oil.  I hardly took 3 to 4 bites in that entire plate and the rest was bones and seriously there was a street dog next to me(indise sitting area) that's the hygiene. Worst service too, I called the waiter he saw me calling and went on without responding. Trust me I couldn't even sit and eat those 3 bites becaus...

Very bad experience....food taste was  very bad briyani like tamoto bath ..that rice also nt cooked properly...customer service s too bad....

This is one of the few dhabas I used to frequent during my college days along with friends.. This place was more of a hangout place enjoying the drinks than for food as food quality and hygiene was not good.. Suitable for peoples to spend time outside the city limits..

They are very rude when it comes to placing home delivery order. I called them to place an order since I wanted to customise my sub. But the person who spoke didn't have any knowledge and was not keen in taking the order. Really shocking to see a global brand behave like this.

(Visited this place in the beginning of Nov 2012. Wrote this review then, but couldn't enter on Zomato as it was unlisted)  No clue why a place that serves mostly South Indian snack/tiffin items and some Indian-Chinese calls itself Bollywood Cafe! Pretty much the fuel station of shoppers at the Brand Factory in Wilson Garden (it is on the topmost floor, along with the Kitchen Supplies and Luggage sections), this place can certainly be a lot better if they brought in that simple element called 't...

Based on the name of this place, it might seem that they put the best and unique spices in their food items. But trust me, they DO NOT. The only spice they know of is red chilli powder, and every food item reeks of it.  If one wants to have a good bowel movement for the rest of the week, i suggest they must visit this place.

Had been to this place for a lunch and ordered lefu chicken noodles. I understand from them lefu means green color but other chinese restaurant explained me there are some leafy vegetables will be there like spinach etc. After looking into the noodles it was green color and full spicy. Now green color is not because of leafes, hardly you will find some signs of leaves. But mostly looked color and green chilli paste.   When asked for provide some raw onion rings, it was totally denied and was sa...

Very bad experience. They had a combo for 180 bucks with a chicken curry, kebab, ghee rice and porotta. The chicken was the smallest serving I've received at a restaurant ever. Also the ghee rice tasted like salted rice. Did not taste at all of ghee. Very poor quality and no value for money. Wouldn't recommend ever!!!

After a tiring work day, and shopping at Garuda mall, walked into the food court, and Ordered for a 'Dosa Chicken', at Empire. And guess what, I got MORE than what I had asked for! A MOSQUITO! Not stepping in the place again!

Ordered 3 veg combos, first they made a mistake in delivering the complete order . I thought may be food will be good but horrible taste, horrible food, everything was stale , pathetic.

Will give zero rating if given an option, service damn poor, behaviour damn bad and food worst... Never had faced such bad service, will never recommend

Never order food from here, they commit something and they deliver some other thing. And moreover delayed delivery although your location is nearby. Gave try couple of times ordering from here, both the times an item was missing. 

Worst chicken biryani i ever had in my life, not only biriyani fish fry also.Think twice before you go there. I don't want others to have the same mistake.

I had been to Silver bowl along with a friend of mine we decided to go for the buffet the waiter brought our complimentary soup and once we were done he casually walked up to our table and said they are closing the buffet in 15 minutes and asked us to finish eating quickly. When we questioned them why he had not informed us before he served the soup he simply said we could pay for the soup and leave. He also had the audacity to say it's a management policy. Kudos to the management team of Silver...

Name changed to Arya Restaurant and serves only Veg food. Small eatery but decent food.

horrible got parcel of grilled prawns, I have ate grilled prawns many times but these were blend not properly grilled and fillet fish again half cooked because of that feel like vomiting... there were many items on the menu but most of them are not available most of the times... And the biggest irony was both the items above mentioned above were suggested by the representative s there

Usually I dont try the stuff at food courts, very less places  have something Ok to eat . But when you are at mall for a movie  and want to grab a quick bite we go here.      Usually I try safe options , But  Husband was craving for KFC chicken from a long time and I thought this was the closest to KFC chicken.      We took the chicken two piece meals which comes with two pieces of chicken , Coleslaw , Fries and some peppery sauce.   First of all they took like 15 mins to give those two ...

Cheap imitation of KFC kinds...Too spicy sometimes... not worth it.

First of all what they show is not what they deliver. They have just 2 drinks, orange juice(cheap quality Rasna) and Iced tea(you can prepare a better one at home). Burgers are not at all up to the mark. In the combo meal they cut the fries pack half and serve it as if they are serving large fries. So shelling out around 130 for an average burger, ultra mini fries and pathetic drinks does not seem sensible at all.

avoid this . they take forever to deliver your order.. by then u loose ur hunger.

It was the worst burger I ever had.  1) Burger didnt have lettuce and tasted like cole slaw sandwich with some cabbage. 2) Your menu shows coca cola but what we got was a iced tea which we were not informed earlier while we placed order. 3) The fries were cold and not fresh. We wasted Rs 401 on something really bad.

Pathetic to say the least is all I can think of. We were at BIAL yesterday (1330- 1430 PM)  and made the mistake of eating at the Airport Wangs Kitchen. The people they had there were complete rookies and had no experience and weren't even trained.  That in itself is understandable if their attitude wasn't as bad as it was.  They had no idea what they had and what they hadn't, Took the order but passed it on wrong to the kitchen.  The darnedest thing of all was that the chicken in the chicken fr...

After a long day of no sleep the previous night, little breakfast and no lunch, I landed at Bangalore in evening and had a craving for Chinese. I went to this restaurant - I now wish I hadn't.  I ordered the non-veg family meal costing Rs. 295. It was not at all up to my expectations. The soup tasted horrible. The momos and rice were just okay. The kung-pao chicken was not good. The drink was much too small. I wonder how can this qualify as a family meal, except for a family of one person eating...

Ordered Veg Combo Meal for take away from International Airport Store and they packed Chicken Combo meal which I found out when I reached home at 10:30 in night after 2 hours of placing the order

Value for money - 6/10 (Not too good here. Read on to find out why) Ambiance - -/10 (Was in a mall, so cannot rate this fairly) Service - 5/10 (Took too long for a simple order.)  Food quality - 3/10 (Chola-Baturas were undercooked. Not pleased with this at all. I mean how difficult is this to get right?) Presentation - 6/10 (Nothing much to speak about; and nothing expected really)  Last word: Get the basics right and COOK the food properly!

Had a masala dosa and by god was it bad. Extremely overpriced and no taste as well. Sambhar was a sad excuse for giving orange coloured water. At least give a flavor full rasam .

Me and friends were one of those unlucky souls who stumbled upon this restaurant while walking on the way from Meenakshi mall towards Hulimavu. The waiter literally kept us waiting and assured us that the food is on its way. Nearly after an hour we thought of getting up and going and then he tells us that he is run out of Gas, probably he was heating food with a candle.  We had ordered Roti and Paneer gravy, The 1.5 is for the paneer gravy which came after this excruciating event, having said th...

This is a hidden place. Luckily while searching for new place on Bannerghatta road found this. Decent north Indian food, service not too good, had good bread. Wont savour taste buds but definitely a simple regular restaurant.

Worthless place. Twice I tried this place. Once we ordered fish for take away and the content was so less that we had to try out a second round for dinner from another restaurant. Second time I went to try out something else, I was disappointed that they did not have 9 out of 10 items in their menu (and it was only 8 PM). Avoid it...Go to Bhojohari Manna or Howrah bridge if you want to try Bengali fast food. Else Oh Kolkata is always there for fine dinning.

Very bad....please dont go there...horrible experience

I was quite shocked at the incompetence of the people manning this outlet on Sunday. Cafe remains open on Sunday without anything to eat, and most items on the menu unavailable. Why pay 100+ bucks for plain filter coffee when you can get the exact same stuff for 20 bucks at A2B just 100 mtrs away. This place is a definite no on Sundays! Don't know about other days, and don't intend to return to find out!

So we decided to visit this place on Sunday (18th Aug) to have coffee. I used to love this place but after Sunday I have little to say about this place.     First of all when we walked in the air conditioning was switched off. After repeated requests, they turned it on, but it wasn't working. Then to add to the heat, we were greeted by ants, flies and mosquitoes. The menu card on the table was filthy, the couch was too and the staff working there didn't seem even a bit interested in serving cust...

'Tickle your taste buds', goes the tagline of this momo 'station' in the food court of Bangalore Central in Bellandur. It is more actually 'Cheat your taste buds and empty your wallet'. The menu looked impressive with a wide array of veg and non-veg momos. Tried Mo Chicken Whopper, Mo Chicken Chowringhee Spice, and Mo Chicken Cheese. Disappointed. Couldn't sense freshness nor taste. Just random spices here and there, and a frugal lump for a momo. I can't understand why this is priced at Rs.90-10...

This place never picks up !!! Don't waste time calling them...

This review is about the dinner I got parcel from this place almost a month back. The food experience was almost worst. The bill was 400. I had ordered paneer chilly gravy,tandoori roti,Chinese veg fried rice,dal tadka. Paneer chilly was eatable thanks to the readymade available gravy maker. Tandoori roti was offered like I got it for free. Fried rice was uncooked and the only taste was that of the soya sauce. Dal tadka should have been named dal aadha ubla. Had to complete the dinner with much ...

Have been there about three times over the course of a year or two now. The restaurant outside where one can eat food standing is okay. The restaurant where you sit and eat is pathetic. Ambience is somewhat uncomfortable, trying to be fancy but it's not. Service is sloppy. Waiters seem disinterested. Hardly any items on the menu are actually available. Portions of food like butter paneer are considerably less compared to other restaurants. Taste is not noteworthy of mentioning. Eventually, when ...

Half of the items on the menu is unavailable. They add service charge 10% which is not accepted by the government of India. If we question, they brag with attitude saying 'it's left to you, wether you want to pay or not'

Average food. Price is too high. Average price per person is morethan 1300 rupees. For a normal course and a mocktail. Let's say a couple go to this restaurant and ordered following 1 veg starter, 1 veg curry, couple of Naans for each(total 4 Naans) and 2 deserts. This is pretty average food. Starter will cost around Rs 340/- veg curry cost around Rs 400/-  4 garlic Naans 4*85= Rs 340/- 2 deserts avg Rs 400/-. Total(without tax) is RS 1480/- taxes service charges 10% =RS  148/-. Service tax 7.5%...

Visited this place twice , poha and sandwiches are ok but everything is overpriced. Even for very  basic item like tea, you have to pay 40 rs. Service is also very slow.

Visited for dinner buffet with my husband. Ambience is good. could see many foreigner having dinner. Coming to the food.... Starters- Hara bhara kabab was quite tasty Chicken tandoori was ok Soup- Veg Sweet corn was good Fish n cabbage soup was very ok Salad- Dahi idli was a waste. Idli tasted like it was prepared eons back and was very hard. Fruit salad had flies making merry inside the bowl. Chicken potato salad, sprouts very totally bland. no spice or dressing. Cucumber,onion n carrot tasted ...

Pathetic food, delayed service, and really bad ambiance is an off putter about this place. We used little voucher for the chicken thali and waited long to get our food. The sol Kadi was average. As for the thali, nothing except chicken drumstick had much taste or spice. The veg thali seemed an actual better option as they had roti and desserts in addition. They really need to improve food quality and timing. Only the mouth freshener was the life saver available there. The ambiance is very crampe...

From the outside it looked like a nice place. But there is so much wrong with this place. For starters, be prepared for an infinite delay if you order anything other than the meals for lunch. We ordered two chicken dishes and roti. Despite multiple reminders, it took them 1 hour and 15 minutes to bring the food to our table. And that too when we were literally walking out of the place in sheer outrage. The buffet and North/South Indian meals, you can have without much delay. In fact, we sat and ...

Not great taste and also there is no life in this place everything here is dull dull Also the wash room is not at all hygiene. Even after reminding the reception no one came.

I wish zomato had option of Rating lower than 1.. :/ Worst food.. Ordered one veg meal Online.. Delivery service was good however taste is very bad.. and more to that ordered something and they provided something else.. Even taste is not good.. don't order from here!

My experience with the Ulsoor outlet has been one of online ordering. While the food quality is just above average, the quality of customer service is pathetic. Order online if you will, only if you are willing to wait forever to have their clueless (not their fault since they are unaware of the locality) delivery people and eat food that's tasteless and cold. What's more, when I called up their customer service number, I was put on hold for three minutes and the call got cut! Overall, absolutel...

Despite the place having a bad rating I decided to order from this place. It was the worst decision of my life. I ordered a "large" veg pulav. What I got is not even enough for 1 person. What would be the portion of the "small" veg pulav option that they have is beyond my imagination.

If you want to sleep hungry, order from here! I placed an order at 9:23 p.m. and its 11: 31 pm now and my food has not arrived!! Zomato people could not help either as the restaurant shut shop and now I get to know that my food is not coming AT ALL and the only solution was to refund my money!! Absolutely unprofessional!! my worst experience BY FAR!! WORST RESTAURANT EVER!!

Its all about their pricing that people get carried away. . Poor quantity for the price they take..  Not at all hygienic food also found cockroache in food... after complaining manager had a cold reaction and didn't even bother to replace the order...

Don't even think of trying this. Bakwas Biryani. And shitty service. It took them 1 and a half hours to deliver a Biryani.....................

Today i have ordered from Ammibiriyani .Below is the order details      Executive Chicken Biryani - 1     Chicken Hyderabadi Biryani - 1   The amount of food was present in executive biriyani was too less,i think almost half of what you guys used to give us before and WITHOUT SPOON AND TISSUE.  And moreover i want to tell:  - When i have ordered ammibiriyani from food panda on 6th may 2016, i got properly packed with container ,food taste was good and amount was proper though foodpanda cha...

This restaurant is located in the basement of Devtha Plaza and your approach to it isn't very appealing. Doesn't look good from the outside either. The ambiance is very average. Coming to the food, we were told the bruschetta of our choice wasn't available. I, as a vegetarian, tried the risotto and pasta. It was bland and not quite tasty. Though some of my friends enjoyed a few other non veg dishes.Prices were decent.It wasn't crowded at all even in the weekend, hence we took a bunch of pictures...

This is a small tent kind put up in Gopalan Mall, Sirsi Circle. Had been for a Kannada movie Aatagara and between the show time, had some time and the desert's at this place deviated me so tasted White Forest and Dark Fantasy desert's. They should have given a different name to these, I mean seriously it never tasted like the names given to these items. I would never give a try again. I've tasted Dark Fantasy many a times at different places and I liked it as well. But here it was just like a ni...

Took my family for lunch- ended up being extremely disappointed. Poor in multiple fronts - food quality (mostly cold food in the buffet), customer service (when we complained about food quality they didn't bother to take any action).  A completely unworthy experience for the amount they charged.

Very poor customer survive and very poor food. Had to be here only because this is a pure veg place. Very very disappointed with the service and food.   Will never go again.

Very bad service.. inspite or regular customer they behaved very badly when we went for buffet on Saturday 25 feb 17  Entire place was empty but they have not given seat for 2 people as per our preference..  The weather was too hot and we want to sit near the window or at the middle of the hall as to have proper ventilation and air circulation reason being this time they have arranged buffet on upper floor ( non a/c hall 'Aakash')  They kept telling us that there is a booking for 25 people and k...

Waste place with such an horrible service. Tried many things but nothing was good.Staff is not at all courteous and allnr very rude. Will never go again at all. Pls do not go guys.such a waste place. Except ambience nothing is gud here.

I went there with friends on 15th June for go-karting. We paid by card, but apparently there was something wrong with their machine so they said transaction was unsuccessful. We paid cash and I went back 10  mins later and told them money had been debited from my account. They said the money will be refunded the next day itself. It has been over a week and the money has not been refunded and they don't pick up any of their phones.  The place is decent enough, but experiences like this make it al...

Biryani was amazing !! Was close enough to White rice with gravy

Bad food experience. Be careful while eating, especially biryani, it's usually spoiled. Been here many times mutton biryani is always bad. Not recommended

Food is not tasteful....service is very bad and not so attentive to guests. Worst and restaurant is not advisable for foodies.... Hope they attend to guests with care.

First of all the water jug to be changed. Secondly very slow response. We ordered for Jamoon and they supplied coffee. We ordered for butter kulcha but plain kulcha was supplied. roti very hard

So we stumbled upon this place on a Saturday evening as we wanted to have a light dinner.  The place has a decent ambience and has a huge compound. The restaurant was almost empty and just had 1 table occupied when we entered and it remained so throughout. There were 3 staff members who for some reason were busy among themselves. We literally had to shout out to get their attention after about 10 mins. The staff who came to take our order was clueless and we had to literally write down our order...

Pathetic service in Woody's. We had to wait for 45min for our food to be served. Had to look for waiters to place the order. The waiters are not trained and don't know to speak common tongue. They don't even know the dishes available in their restaurant. After 30 minutes they come back telling , the raw materials for the dish are not available. So finally aft a long wait they got us the food which was okay.! Terrible service..  Not coming back to this place again!!

Pathetic service - Well After waiting for 20 mins even a glass of water wasn't served.  To give an order had to go hunting for the waiter and place my order and he says the order will take 25mins as there are lot of people( I could hardly see people around)   Never ever coming back to this disgusting place.

I was told on the PHONE CALL that the restaurant opens at 12pm, i went at 12.10pm and they asked me to wait for 30 mins, since it is not yet opened. I dont understand, then what is the use of the lunch time?

Pathetic service .Had been to this place on Saturday at around 7:30 .they made us shift three tables saying it's reserved ,however there was 0 crowd at this place .then gave us a table which nobody came to ask us untill we waved them and finally one manager came and told again to sit diffrent place .Then finally after 45 minutes. It single glass of water served or menu given .we walked out

The most pathetic subway branch ever. Even after countless calls no one answers. What's the point of having Home delivery if one can't get through their mentioned number -- Which works btw.

Please keep stock of Jalapenos n Dills (Pickled Cucumber). And also would be great if the people behind the counter pays attention to customers. I had asked for Subway Club, however the person was busy to make me Tuna, which was the Sub of the Day!

Bad Bad Bad !! Food.. service.. the place.. everything is bad !! Service is so bad that you might have to wait 30 mins for water like I did. Dessert is a desert ! Pastries were watery so was the carrot halwa and some 'Vanilla pudding' was yuck with no flavor of vanila in it. Icecream no idea how can it be bad. Main course was eatable. No starters were there. Soup was fine. This place is a big no no. They even served RASNA in the name of welcome drink.

The worst experience i have ever had in my life.. Food not warm though.. customer representatie was very careless when customer requests for something. The swimming pool tiles was chipped off and one of my friend was injured because of that and they failed to give first aid.. such a irresponsible people

Not good....not good at all.....when I heard it was a Punjabi restaurant I was so excited but the very place where I was put down was the menu....there were so many authentic Punjabi dishes missing one the most important is makki ki roti and sarson ka saag.....dal not up to the mark.....will go back only if they add authentic Punjabi dishes not interested in their experimental food

I have ordered 1 economy and 1 paratha thali. Parathas were good and of bigger size. but Dal and sabji was tasteless. It reminded me hostel food which was missing in taste.   They have provided pickle and salad as well which was not enough for even a child.  Rates are really reasonable and its Pure Veg so whoever is looking for only Veg can go there.

worst , disgusting , pathetic , plzz dnt go , they are serving yestrday cooked food in todays menu .. when i caught them they returned my money .. plz avoid if dnt want to get food poisoned.

Had ordered food from here... Veg kolahpuri and gobi manchurian,  nothing against thank you for the on time delivery, food is too spicy with various spices and lot of oil and sure with large portion of ajinomoto and red color... Don't think I can order or have it again. Very unhealthy and spicy food... Can't resist commenting  best to avoid if you with kids or did worry about your health.

Ordered a delivery. Delivery was prompt; however the food was very poor. I ordered 2 different curries; but the gravy and taste was exactly the same.

For the first time, we had a very bad Indian food experience here. We went on a veg order like Tomato soup( kind of diluted ketchup), 'BABY' corn Manchurian( a' matured' corn -tough to chew ) and next tandoori roti ( damn stinking as the aata was old n sour n its half baked n some over burnt) and finally Paneer tikka masala ( was awful- tasteless n bland ) and we couldn't place any order for the dessert wondering!! then we come to know its a "New cook recipes"...

Visited thulp at prestige ozone today for breakfast assuming it was gonna be same as the outlet in koramangala. Had a horrible experience..here's a list of things that have ensured I will never recommend this place to anyone or ever visit it again-  we reached at 11:30 AM SHARP.. the food arrived..FINALLY! ..at friggin 12:25 PM!! yes..55 minutes later!!!  Was it crowded?! Nope. There were 6-7 people , including us  1) ordered 3 sour puss ( basically fresh lime soda)..it came with no fizz. Absolu...

Worst place ever  Such slow service ..I have never seen in my life  Value for money 0 Waste of time and money  Pizza not so amazing  Don't get fooled by their dessert festival which is a total waste of money and time too

Yet another place for junk food located busy street near empire hotel and black Pearl. Parking is absolutely a night mare. Been with my family few days ago. No value for money. The name does not match with what they serve. Food 2/5 Ambience 2/5 Quality 3/5 Location 3.5/5 Service 2/5  Will not visit the place again.

We chose to eat at California pizza kitchen cuz our usual hangout in koramangala was crowded and we'd have to wait for 45 mins for a table. The place is easy to find and the ambience is fine. Even the menu was nothing to complain about. We specifically ordered a vegetarian pizza but they brought a pizza with chicken on it. When we told them we ordered a vegetarian pizza, they replaced the pizza within ten mins. The pizza tasted fine.Now I don't knw what u served us but  we both ended up with a s...

Ordered dal tardka which was tasteless and watery. The tandoori murg was very very dry there was no coat of spices it only had the taste of salt and the red food colour! This is the 2nd time i ordered but the quality of the food is not good at all  NOT RECOMENDED!

Recently i ordered palak paneer and butter roti from here... it was so bad that couldn't eat even one of it. Rotis were burnt to the maximum extent... palak paneer was tasteless.

Really unhappy with Kenny's.. we ordered food from them quite often and it's decent. Today we ordered panner gravy and egg fried rice. Panner was spoilt. When called and told them about it. He stays, just cause you didn't like the curry don't say it's spoilt.. me and my mom could say it's spoilt. But he just said.. that's cause you'll didn't like the gravy.. Really disappointed with the service.

Went here for dinner buffet. Extremely poor service and food quality. Most of the items got over midway and there was no sign of them getting refilled.Wont go ever again.

I had booked a table for dinner on Valentine's Day thinking to surprise my wife with good ambience and food. But alas the food was not good as compared to price. The place is unnecessarily overrated. There wasn't enough staff to cater to the crowd and nor the food was enough as per the guests. We had to wait for long to either get the starters or main course.

Seed Adda Cafe - Dont get the hype  My experience of ordering lunch from the Seed Adda Cafe has to be my biggest disappointment (surprisingly so) in the ratings that an establishment has acquired in Zomato. Having recently moved into the Bannerghatta area of Bangalore, I gravitated to Zomato as my obvious compass for determining the best eating options in the neighborhood. And Seed Adda Cafe just pops out as an option that you cannot miss (esp. if you are a Chinese cuisine fan like me).  So I...

I visited this place by looking at the Zomato review, It is not the Good restaurants as many of the people cheer here. It is very average and dirty restaurant.  Please don't expect to visit this place for wow experience. Steamed Momo was good, but fried one was smelled like skin burns. I tried two times this place and i will not recommend to any one who is looking tastier food.

I'd been wanting to go to Backsteet Diner since they day we got a newspaper insert saying special Anglo-Indian food was available there. On a Tuesday we went looking for them and when I called asking for directions, they said they were closed.  So on a Sunday night we finally got a chance. The restaurant is on the road behind Hotel Kalpakka on Kammanahalli Main Road. They have just 3 tables and a tiny not so pleasant wash area (no lights!).  Reading the menu card itself was a disappointment as w...

We ordered for mutton keema masala but they  had given mutton boti gravy which is cholestral, tubes kind of pieces, hard liver etc and it was not boiled properly  Sholay kabab was too hard  Roti was too hard not able to  chew  Egg Biriyani was OK not good.   Worst experience they are cheating by giving  discount, it was waste of money.   Only one thing was good that they had delivered  in time because  it is close by.

Placed an order for Chicken fried rice and Chicken Manchurian, was delivered in 35min and the food quality was below par! May be its my fault for ordering Chinese from an Andhra Hotel :/

the people serving sometimes mock  you in malayalam, just because  you dont know the language. If they are so sensitive about that... they can put up a board " only malayalis allowed "

Not recommended ... food served was stale food.. twice i go there on some treat given by my frind near to office... but not in my reccomendations...

Abysmal! I was craving a pastry which is why I went to the nearest Sweet Chariot.  Not only were their pastries hard, they could knock someone out if thrown on their head. The worst part was that THE PASTRIES WERE STALE! YES STALE!!!  It was the worst experience I ever had with packing pastries. Yuck! I hope this place closes down on account of health code violations.  Is there a negative scale yet Zomato?

One of the poorest stocked outlets of its kind, I have been to this place several times in the last 3-4 years. Weekend or weekday, morning or evening, the food racks are half-empty. And no, it's not because of the demand; I never see a crowd there. The place reeks of disinterest, and that is my biggest problem with it. I may have been more forgiving had this place been called 'Unknown Entity & Sons', but when you lure people with the name 'Sweet Chariot', you should  realise there is an expectat...

1.5 stars - averaged out over food and ambience, only because the ambience is good. Have been here 3 times, & the experience has been consistent. 2 times at night and once in the afternoon.  3 stars for the ambience: - should separate out smoking & non-smoking zone.  - gets hot in the afternoons, not recommended  0 stars for the food: not good at all. ordered multiple dishes. they don't even follow what's written on the menu. Last time I visited, the tagliatelle arrabbiata pasta was particular...

The worst chats ever. People with good tongue will hate this place to the core. Nothing worth even for a rupee. Worst taste of chats. Especially pani puri spoilt my entire mood. I would rate minus infinity to this mood spoiler place. Horrible food. Taste like shit

This place is not that much good, services are poor and delaying order to serve. Not cleaning properly, ordering and waiting taking more time. So I definitely not going again to this place, recommend not to go this place. If service is bad then why we visit this again. Think and visit.

Went with friends for lunch to celebrate something special. Place is big time disappointment. Food was just okay nothing great. Service I would even give 0 but cannot. Ambience is the only saviour. It's not even worth visiting once probably. High time they should do something about their service. We did not even get the water for first half an hour.

Visited with my team. Nice interiors and ambience. Food - Starters - Nothing special. I would say not at all good. Main course - Average, 3/5.

Very bad service.. food is very bad. They cheat u with tax structure. Kindly check the bill before paying. I had to get the bill corrected and it took more than halfen hour for that. Never visit this place

I have given 2 star  for their pathetic service. We reached this place at 7:00 pm and ordered a mix chaat and papdi chaat. Mix chaat was served at 7:30 pm and that too after constant reminding. While I ate, my husband waited for his papdi chaat, which was served at 7:40 pm. I don't think even a kid will take such time to prepare a chaat, which requires simple mixing of ingredients. The whole staff has laid back attitude, even the manager was busy with his laptop and hardly cared for the customer...

Newly opened place in Koramangala... serves North Indian street food but just for name sake... Their dishes are not even close to North Indian dishes... not recommended at all

Tried this place for a quick lunch at Vijayanagar! We ordered Prawns Szechwan fried rice and Chopsuey Noodles....Prawns in the fried rice was really fried Lol...and had lost its original character! Chopsuey was average!  This place can be avoided I guess!

Stale disappointment  served in the most pretentious way. They weren't serving alcohol when we went, so the place had 9 waiters waiting on our table. We loved the attention no doubt, but the evening was a disappointment. We asked for cheese fries and the guy suggested we order the Truffle fries, taking this expert advice we ordered the same. Unfortunately, the fries were so so so  bad, it was cooked in old oil and It was black. When we complained about it, the guy smirked. We didn't order anythi...

Costly but tasty chicken varieties.  Best place for family restaurant. Fish not so good. Neat place to dine. Must improve the quality. Staff not very cooperative.

For all the north indians who has tasted this and say fantastic Tamilnadu style non veg food.. i pity... this is not even close to what non veg food from tamil nadu tastes like... this is just a Tamilnadu style fast food restaurant where the meat is not slow cooked and the salna is not with coconut but with onion, tomato paste... food here is just below average... FYI i'm from the food capital of tamilnadu... MADURAI

Had been here for lunch with colleagues, and the experience was pretty bad. The waiters are not even trained as how to handle their customers. Ordered chicken kuthu parota, it was pretty average for the price tag of 200rs. They fool customers by not including chicken kuthu parota in their menu and charging you a bomb of 200 bucks in your bill.The restaurant is highly overrated for what they actually serve you,  definitely not worth having food here. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyon...

This place is a rip off! Over priced beer, bad food, dead environment (felt so)!! Seating arrangements are good with awesome view however when I visited with my bunch of friends the ac was not on and they did not even bother to turn it on when requested as they felt four guys are not enough for the ac. No wonder it's always empty!!   My advice: You can give this place a miss and walk into TGI Friday's that's right next to it!!

Oh Bangalore...why are there no good places in this part of the town?! Bannergatta, JP nagar, Jayanagar... Lack a goood lounge / bar / pub.. And yeah.. Brewsky is not good enough.. Anyways..back to Pint Room.. another disappointment.. Zero on ambience.. Music tooo low on volume.. Food .. Bad!! Never had this low quantity and bad quality food at a place rated 3.9 at Zomato.. Chili chicken had a tough outer batter covering and an even staler interior.. Poppy chicken seemed stale as well.. Masala f...

May be a good place to hang out with friends over a cup of tea and pakodas but definitely not a good place to try out omelettes especially "Spanish Omelette"  which looked nice but tasted sadd - it was like an oily indian aaloo pyaz sabzi base with egg ! What was more upsetting was the management and the staff, who refused to replace it, so this rating ! They need to be more courteous!

It is jst like an subway ripoff... Not great sandwiches u get here... Nd i was shocked to see the size of the pizza little more smaller one can use it as a coin...

I hadn't heard of Quiznos before I saw the sign board outside their outlet. They advertise as having the best 'subs'. The outlet is more or less similar to Subway but they do have some extra options like pizza in addition to the sandwiches.  The layout is similar to Subway is many ways. I ordered a mixed meat sub with all vegetables and mustard sauce. I somehow just dint like the taste. I am not sure if it is just me but Subway tasted much better. My wife had a tuna sandwich which too was averag...

Ridiculously slow delivery. They mask the lack of quality with excessive kaaram (spice). But underneath is just poor quality ingredients.  Finally, the meat to rice ratio in the chicken biryani was beyond disappointing.

Order a biryani a pathetic taste Rice quality used really worst They should know when they are specialise in biryani Then what should be the quality of rice to be used

Booked a table however reached by five mins to ten .advised that the restaurant has closed as their kitchen closes by 9:30...what kind of service is this.. Better keep it open late..

Visited today for Lunch.Had Smoked pork thali and Fish thali. It is not authentic assamese at all.  The "Dali" was very bland. There was a side dish where Brinjal was used to prepare a kind of thick gravy. It was not at all tasty.I'v ordered "Kharika Chicken" which should be a kind of grilled chicken in Assamese style. But they presented Tanduri chicken !!! Very disappointed.  Rice quality was poor. They could have used Jaha Chaol. But I think the rice they have used might be in 40/- rupees per ...

Based on Marriott reputation we went there for lunch, but experience was really bad, at restaurant reception nobody was there, so you have to find table by your own, if you unable to find, you should start asking their staff in a hope they can help you, after asking many times, Can they guide us on which table we can sit, after a long wait they will tell you can sit on this table  As in the restaurant they have concept of Live counter so that you can order Pizza, Pasta etc but after ordering Pas...

Least courteous staff, they don't care about what you're asking for until you say it a hundred times.. don't care to respect customers unless you're one of the babus.. Food isn't great either.. only hype.. would advise you not to waste your money on a place like this..

I ordered seekh Kabab ,however the kababs were cold and soggy and it was really costly for the quantity that was given.Giving 2 stars just for the timely delivery of the food that was ordered.

When it comes to 'biryani', there are many who serves awesome biryani in Bangalore, still we thought giving this one a try, because of the sentiments we keep for Mother's food. We ordered a Veg and a Chicken biryani, we found it full of spices, all kind of, that smells so rich and heavy but the taste was disappointing, lot of red chilly powder and salt. You won't find much difference between Veg and Chicken biryani except chicken pieces, initially I thought they sent 2 chicken biryani. My vegeta...

Too big a name and serving less than mediocre food do not justifies the brand.   There wasn't anything specific that I would ask u to order and you would love it.  Trust me guys, even if u r staying here! Please go out and explain the other options. Ji hazoor just a 100m walk from Marriott would be actually worth.   We had a buffet party there, neither the taste was upto the mark nor was there any dish, I would I just loved it.   Not recommendable :(

Awful food... I ordered my food using zomato and planned to pay by cash. The bill that arrived was more than what was shown on zomato. The noodles were smelling rotten and barely had any veggies into it. I personally could not stand the smell of the oil used in noodles. The spring rolls were crisp and were just OK. Never plan to have food from this kitchen ever again...

Don't ever go to this place !!! Pathetic service, Pathetic food. Ambience is good but that doesn't make sense when they can't do what they are really supposed to do. Went to this place for Dinner for buffet & had worst experience ever. No doubt there prices are very low as compared to what's being charged at other places but it's total wastage of money. Instead you can go to an expensive place & have a wonderful meal.

Dear Owner and Zomato,  Big Daddy is a registered brand in all the categories of food in India. Please stop using it without the Brand owners permission.  contact: +91 9819930930  Sanjeev Raj Bagga

This place is one of the worst place I have ever visited in terms of food ! I had ordered peri peri chicken Burger , the stale bread with hardly any chicken inside it. I ate it with just one question if the bread is so stale how would be the chicken inside it . However thankfully there wasn't much chicken. Their pricing just doesn't justify their food. These restaurant is following food hygiene guidelines or not I am not sure. The food quality is so bad. Even street side food would be better tha...

Looting customers like anything, Food they can charge how much ever dey want, if the taste is good I can myself pay double the charge of Menu... But why the hell dey r charging almost 3 times more den MRP for a 1 ltr mineral water of MRP Rs. 20/- this restaurant charges Rs.55 + 14.5% VAT + 5% Service Charge + 6% Service Tax, the total cost of water would be Rs.69.5/- what the hell yaar, already u r charging hell lot again charging taxes on it. this loot should be stopped, Same wit Cold Drinks, B...

I tried the pork vindaloo and beef roast as they were much raved in the reviews here, but they were just ok. Nothing great or yum. I also ordered some bibinika and sannas which were nice.

Yuck the taste just sucks the biriyani was not at all good the ambience was also not good the toilets were stinking the waiters there don't have table manners he just served us biriyani with his hand and don't have patience he just kept the finger bowl on my leaf when I was still eating he himself demanded some tips for a service like that , but one thing I liked was the that chops

Yesterday I ordered chicken fry and mutton biryani around 930 got it by 1015...Both the dish wer very bad...Both of them had very bad smell...guess it was prepared in morning or afternoon...So i don't recommend this place.

Food : Average, we tried the Biryani rice, Mutton Korma, Chicken 65. All of these were average.  Ambience : Average. Instrumental remix music plays in background.   Service: Excellent.   Parking : no parking   Average place. Not worth the effort and money.

Sucks. They say they deliver within 3km but then they decide whether it suits them to deliver there or not. It doesnt work that way. Lost a loyal customer kfc. Well done.

I've seen countless forwards that depict the supposed cruelty that chicken go through before ending up as crispy chunks on your plate. No, I don't subscribe to this or other shocking viral urban legends. What unsettled me though was the cruelty KFC metes out on hapless humans like me. Case in point the Nashville Chicken we ordered couple of days back: came dripping with oil, enough to soak up half dozen paper napkins. At least do us a favour by turning off the pretentious video talking about the...

Horrible buffet and service..

Food is ok. But restaurant ambiance is very bad. Toilet and wash room is very bad. Not a good place if you want to spend a good time.

Been to this hotel for a birthday treat and the experience was very bad. The food was not hot and when we complained, the new batch was rather uncooked. While it was a buffet, Most of us ended up just having ice cream.   The ambience is rather stuffy and I can't imagine of going to this place again.  In short - very disappointing and needs lots of improvement!

Had been there with colleagues. It was a very bad experience. We chose Buffet over a la carte. This review is more on Veg Buffet.  Ambiance: Nothing out of the box. Jus ordinary with a few paintings.   Food: Food was very bad. Starters were Gobi Manchurian n Baby corn Tikka (I suppose, not sure as there wer no labels), Gobi was ok , but Baby Corn was bad, coming to main course, Curries were Veg Kurma n Paneer masala. Paneer was really bad, very hard and the curry was meh! Veg Kurma was ok and ed...

Disappointed with the restaurant.   Food is very pricey.   Chicken is with bone even after paying exhorbitant rates.  Roti is so hard  The quantity of main dish and starter is very less considering the price paid.  Overall very poor experience.

The Biriyani is just like Tamarind rice, I really cant digest how people just go there for buying those 150+ bucks briyani, Its a total crap food. Nothing special in it. where is the spice, where is the taste? I can go to Hyderabadi Biriyani Restaurant instead. I just wasted 150+ on my purchase of this holly crap. Cant recommend to anyone. In the name of good interior and seating ares Mani's dum biriyani are cheating the Bangaloreans.

Worst biryani i ever had! Ther was so much oil,i had acidity. Eat at your own risk! service was okay and ambience was ok,BUT biryani was SHIT! Pls avoid.

I am going to this place quite for a long time. But todays experience was extremely bad. Nati chicken biryani was not having Nati chicken at all. Mutton chops was undercooked. Quality compromised. Overall very very unhappy, will never go back again.

Ai, this place is not consistent. Some friendly staff, but also some pushy rude staff. I asked for less load music, was a difficult question.  food is ok, but not special. This place has so many possibilities, but needs many changes. A resume, it needs love for the art of serving customers.

Wandered here on a weekday afternoon looking for some nice andhra lunch. First of all the place boasts a party like lounge with a drive through entrance and the works. The place was empty with a party happening in the ac Hall. My friend and I ordered andhra meals, which I must admit for the price is just bare minimum, it's like they were not even trying, the food tasted like food I would make at home just with a lot more spice just to call it "andhra",the dal was not flavoursome at all, the beet...

Five star chicken I doubt it. More like two star. These guys are trying to compete with the likes of KFC but fail miserably.   I tried out the skewers and fried chicken and I could barely bite thru the pieces.   I see a lot of their other centres crowded not sure if they are good but the place I went too was was pretty bad.

Worst part is chicken is never hot there and the taste is pathetic

Rooftop restaurants are supposed to have good ambience and this one does have one though ....but you can't have ambience for your hunger ....apparently the starter galouti kebab  which they stated as one of theirs speciality just turned out to be a kheema kebab which was apparently drowned in oil....and their breads were saggy and to top it all of this ,there was only one waiter for the whole restaurant on a Sunday afternoon ......

Pathetic food is what I could say..read the review( said all good about food) and went to have lunch few mints back..mutton we had just biryani as option,  chicken only had two starters in buffet...the Food dint have any taste..so buffet is the bad option one could try if one enjoys eating..

Well the rating is just 1 as we waited for 20 minutes for someone to take our order..but no one came..we called the server 5 times, he always said he'll just come..but didn't... terribly understaffed...just a waste of time.

The food was okay , but not worth the price.The ice tea sucks . The hotel looks good from outside but the food served doesn't match the standards.

Hi All ,  Worst and patethic  place in bangalore i have ever been, yesterday i was billed for 310 and without my knowledge he swiped for 317, when i questioned he told for cards 2 % , where i argued for the bill for 7 rupees , he was not ready to give . i will definitely lodge an complaint with food department who gave license to cheat customers money and also will file case on such fraudsters.,  more over the owner refuses to give me money , say no one have dare to take complaint on such activ...

One of my worst experience. I would never go back here. Shawarma tastes so bad you would want to puke for sure or you'll have to get ready for the later food poison adventure. Biryani tastes like your eating some colored rice with no taste. Place is not clean, servers are careless, they use their hand to taste (lick the hand or lick the fingers) food and put the same hand on the food back again without washing their hand, that's so disgusting. Very cruel people. Don't no why even these kinda res...

I hated the chicken biryani....it was the worst ever biryani I had till date. Except for the chicken pieces, it didn't even taste like biryani. The chicken manchurian was too spicy and salty as well. Overall not a good experience

Nothing great about this place...tried meals here..though the taste was not bad ....unfortunately found a cockroach crawling in the rice.....disgusting !!!!!  will avoid in future

Ordered the Nachos and Refried beans and the cheese was a terrible fluorescent colour, the beans were spoilt and smelt of vinegar the moment I opened the box. The salsa is ketchup and water.  The pizza- Sicilian something, was oily and flavorless.   My third time ordering from this place. It's usually pretty good, but clearly standards have dropped.   Will never order from here again.

This place is bullshit... I think they r running this hotel just for the sake of it. Plz do not eat here the food and the service is pathetic... The waiters are very untidy and the food is stale. Zomato plz look into this hotel as this hotel will spoil your reputation. Very bad experience food is very very very bad.... waste of money eating here....

food:2/5 cost:2/5 ambiance:1/5   We had the worst restaurant experience in whole life. We went on saturday, and noted that tables were not clean. Hence we requested the person to clean the table.  His reply: "I dont have time now . Hence, I will not clean the table ". Shocking !!!  And noted that he was opening the coke caps with his mouth !! Great !!!  BEST ADVICE: DON'T EVER GO TO THIS RESTAURANT !!!

Horrible experience today, Visited this place with colleagues and found hardly anyone there. Very dusty and dull ambiance. However, ordered the food with high expectations and was quite disappointed with the quality and taste of the Kebabs.   To top this mundane experience, found half cooked Cockroach in the Chicken Kadai! Nevertheless, We were asked to pay for the starters.  Avoid this place to stay healthy!!

First time i ever ordered through Zomato in any restaurant. Food item was i ordered is Panner Tikka Masala just now saw it was some chicken dish in packing and instant of two naan it was three and for 3 roti it was 2 roti. Please don't do this mix with any order veg with non-veg one by yourself. i had dinner with pickle and ordered bread.

One of the Worst Restaurant that i have visited in Life Time.They serve Non veg when you order Veg dishes.Management is careless  and not bothered about the customer.Pathetic Management I Strongly would avoid anyone going to this restaurant..

One of the worst chettinad restaurants, sorry they are not chettinad as they serve Chinese food but not stated in the menu. The food has no taste and as expensive as it could be. Good for people who would like to cleanse their system, the masala is uncooked and suffering from a diarrhoea for 2 days after the meal.

This is one of the worst restaurants in Bangalore. Though taste is ok, the money you pay for food is utter waste. Only restaurant in world in which  we have to pay separately for Dosa (Rs 60) and Coconut Chutney Rs 20 for a small cup ,sambhar Rs 20 for a small cup.  You can go here only if you have money which you didnot earn.

Ordered two pizzas for the first time from Oliver's tonight. Quality is very bad for the hefty price tag. The prices are almost 2x that of Domino's or Pizza Hut. One would expect better quality and something different but what you get is nothing different. I am not sure why it is so expensive.   One of the pizzas was Sundried tomatoes with Chicken and the other was Chicken Sausage. For a thirteen inch pizza you could literally count the number of toppings per slice. Moreover the Sundried tomatoe...

If you are a real foodie then this place is not for you. Apart from good ambience, this place is all about poor hospitality, burned and cold servings, unapologetic and careless managers.

I went here for a Sunday brunch with my friends. The food was average at best and the choices very limited. The price that is displayed in zomato is outdated. It is 200 rupees more than expected. The location is nice and the stuff friendly but since we came here for the buffet and the food wasn't that great I cannot really recommend this place.

Had the worst experience of my life..We got this place booked for Saturday brunch. On reaching the place, we were directed to 5th floor by the gaurd, and other ppl at reception. And then we get to a place where the pool was getting renovated and the whole place was empty. Waste of time and energy. Why were they accepting bookings online when the place is under renovation  My rating is 0 for this place

Brought 3 cup cakes (milk chocolate, dark chocolate & red velvet) a chocolate truffle cake and a Tiramisu.  Overall quality is extremely mediocre, not worth the money paid for it. The overall ambience is definitely misleading.

Ordered fish fingers, it was stinking and chewy. After eating one I threw the rest. I would recommend this place only if you want food poisoning.

v v v v poor service , food sucks , no wonder sad crowd not for yongsters .... there r better place for same cost .. owner seems to b some political eliment ..shame to have a pethatic restaurant poorly managed...

We visited the Arya restaurant in Abhimaani Hotel in Rajkumar road, Rajajinagar today, 9th Feb 2013 for dinner. The ambience is decent. The food does not have good spread. You get very little choice. You get only Buffet. Some 4 items in veg, 4 items in non veg, 1 veg and non-veg soup, some breads, muffin, pasta, mexican, paapad for salad, Jamoon, 1 type of ice cream and 3 types of fruits. In a separate counter, you get pasta and tandoori chicken. The price comes to around Rs.400 inclusive of tax...

Tried chicken biriyani here a few days back, I can tell it was one of the worst biriyanis I ever had. Totally worthless, zero value for money.

What exactly is this? I was not able to figure out. Good location. Good ambience. And no selection on desserts.

Worst service. I ordered two birthday cakes. Had issues with both the orders and they made me to run around looking for a readymade birthday cake elsewhere. Insensible guys.

Came here to try one of their burgers. Burger wasn't good and it tasted horrible. The chicken patty started to crumble. Bad customer service.

Pathetic food, no idea of how to make pizza or pasta. The nuggets and the chicken patties for the sandwiches are cheaper version of McCain. Buy frozen chicken and microwave, we can do that at home.

This is not a rating of the food there because there was none to be had. I walk into the place at around noon hoping to get a good sandwich. They have no bread; no sandwiches. They are selling ice cream. What is the place called again? I don't know about the other location but don't bother visiting the one in Marathahalli; looks like s**t. hugely disappointed at having to drive in traffic to find out from the people there without an apology that they don't have the place is supposedly known for....

It used to be my favourite hangout place not anymore for about 10 years and NOT anymore!!!! These guys are very cunning and never give tender change instead give you chocolates EVERY time even if they enough change with them. Would these guys accept a chocolate instead of 10 rupee note?? I am sure they won't. The last day I went here, bhaji for Pav was full of salt. When we reported this, their staff had no courtesy to even apologise instead he said we are lying to get an extra plate. The owners...

First of all a surprising pure veg restaurant in the middle of Brigade Road. We went this place for the dinner. Literally this place was very conjusted, we are 6 members they are not allowing the join of  two tables. Ambience was not that great, Washroom was looking horrible. We ordered so many thing, Soup was very spicy, not able to drink Mushroom n baby-corn item was good. Dal was good with good curries as well. Raitas and Briyani is also good. Service was very slow, Disappointing Pocket frie...

very bad... after ordering and waiting for 30m mins, waiter asks how many plates, when clearly we were 7.... only thing that was good at this place was coke and dew... when we complained to manager regarding the taste, he back answers telling "taste is really good, ur fault u didn't like it" and he says he cooked chicken twice...   PS: PLEASE CALCULATE THE TOTAL WHEN ASKED FOR BILL

The food is not bad. But customer service is terrible. Bearers takes orders casually without any etiquette . Water served only if we ask for it  . After visiting 2-3 times clearly noticed that bearers getting jealous if we take more orders. And regarding ambience , there is no ambience at all . IF you go @ evening there will be  mosquitoes and flies to entertain  you ! If you expect good return for money and expect customer service and ambience THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT ONE.  DONT GO. NEEDLESS T...

Never ever ever even think about coming here or ordering from here. I fell sick both the times I've eaten food from this place.  Unless you want to physically or mentally torture yourself, this isn't a place to eat.

Worst restaurant i had ever been to, the food is kinda ohkkk, service is worst they don't even care that you are there, over priced menu... DISAPPOINTED

Number one fraud people just Order for 4 items always the bill value will be 480 this time they made 635 for the same items wr i do the same items 35rs of cooldrink of 500ml been charged as 60rs wts the hell is this in zomato the tandoori chicken half is 180 bt they have charged 210 y and same of others items. Dont cheat customers as your business runs on customers satisfaction. When i called to check with restaurant and there response was negative and after raising my voice those people provide...

Very bad food..there is nothing like punjabi except Name..Very poor quality food..I usually order food earlier..Quality wise very poor than any ordinary resturant. Not at all professional...Last give time order , every time I have disappoint with the food quality, and end up put it in dustbin...Hence recommend to look for another option if you care about ur hard earn money...

Really bad service and late delivery. If you do not take the delivery because it has been pretty late consistently, they keep calling you and shouting at you for it. Have never had this bad experience with any food outlet.

I usually order from 'New Punjabi Thadka' for the delicious food and timely delivery. I was feeling very hungry, too lazy to cook I ordered chicken biryani 13922220 from Zomato. I was very much disappointed with the poor quality of the food. There was hardly any chicken pieces in biriyani, and I couldn't even eat half so I decided to throw away all of them. The rice was just turmeric mixed, there was no sign biriyani masala.

If you are ready to wait for 2.5 to 3 hours then order from this place. The person is very polite & will give you all the reasons in the world starting from vehicle broke down to too many orders. I ordered today at around 7 & the food came at around 10. Worst part is that they will note your phone number & ensure they never answer your call after that. Now I understand why they only accept card payments. This is the 10th time these guys are doing this with me. Never ever going to order from this...

It's very near to my office and it is the day one I had been there I work in same office from 6 months but never even thought of going to that place  Very bad in quality n taste

If you are hungry and you don't find any restaurant in this area, do remember that fasting is good for health. You should avoid coming here.

Went here once as all other restaurants nearby were closed that day. Very bad place to eat, ambience is poor. Dusty sofas and chairs. Fortunately the food was not bad, but not a place you'll visit again. It mainly thrives on its liquor sales.

There is very poor service when it comes to delivery. When they started out they were prompt with their delivery service. However now they keep getting orders mixed up and at times the waiting time extends beyond one and a half hours as I had to endure today. When I asked them regarding the poor service, their response sounded like it was my fault.  Very poor service!!!

This place is a cheap kind of place with bad food and service.out here the food is tasteless and staffs seem to be really rude.this place seemed to be unhygeinic.

This place is very unhygienic. The taste nd the oil are very stale. They serve the previous days left overs to the guests. Please dont go here.

Only reason i chose to go to this place irrespective of bad reviews is to fulfill my craving for parottas. I just love parottas, especially the soft and fluffy kerala parottas. There ain't many places in Bangalore, especially in the locality to get good parottas. So with so much expectations i went to this place. But to my dismay the parotta served was not backed-up by a good side-dish, for which i had to shell extra money. And the food is expensive considering the quality and taste.

Was looking for dinner close to where I live. Decided to check this place out. Around 9 30 we'd night . Located on the first floor Near TCS  POPULARITY INDEX About 3/4 ths full Good Sign  AMBIENCE No frills upstairs dhaba Open light airy lots of windows  SERVICE Owner himself manages the counter and gives personal attention to all customers  MENU Veg and Non Veg Indian North Indian and Chinese Items  CLEANLINESS Relatively neat clean organised  FOOD Took the KHICHDI thali Rs 80 and extra Karela ...

You are better off with a maggie or two rather going here for a meal. Though the restaurant (better be called dhaba) serves economical meals but the cleanliness & hygiene are the major concerns here. Once, I placed an order here but then a view of the kitchen disgusted me to my stomach & I ended up cancelling it.  Service is very casual. Only pre-cooked food (i.e. Thalis) are served fast. Rest all falls in line as i guess they have only 2 cooks which does all the cooking and it seems, prefrence ...

You'll like it, if you're drunk enough!

They make the food twice in a day.  Morning and evening so whenever you go you will be served the reheated food.

Very very pathetic service no manners how to serve n the pitcher taste very bad yaaaak!!  Never will go to this place   I will never recommended this place to any one the Chinese food taste third class   My over exp. Is very bad

One of the bad experience...... Server was to rude he don't know how to  speak customers..... Server name was Ranjeet.......Never and never going this restaurant......

I happened to be around the area so tried this. This is one of the most pathetic places I have visited while in Bangalore. The service is pathetic and the servers are rude. Absolutely no courtesy for a guest.  The food is regular and nothing great. Overall I would personally recommend to let this one pass. No tips from my end either for the food or for the service!!!  Ambiance: 3 Food: 3 Drinks: 3 Pocket Friendliness: 3

This review is specifically for the buffet lunch, that I went for, with a huge team from office. The spread was disappointing, in terms of the variety and taste, both. The starters are not placed at the counter and waiters come around with trays serving the same. The frequency of this is miniscule. The rotis too take a lot of time to arrive at the tables. There was no item on the menu that impressed in terms of taste. They were below average. The dessert section had quite a lot of options and it...

Not at all good...... Food wasn't cooked properly... Too much of oil in starters...wouldn't recommend... not sure of other branches though...

We had ordered some mint drinks, sheekh kebabs and mutton biryani. Not at all impressed! The kebab was salty and dry. Mutton biryani was so dry and tasted lifeless... not coming here again. And the service! The less said the better. Lousy and very very lousy. Waiters were like smirking all the time.

Visited this place with a friend since we are in a hurry. Place looks quite spacious,the staffs seemed courteous but slow. We ordered chicken biriyani and it came out cold with bad taste because of improper cleaning of chicken and smelt stale.Nothing much can be said about this place,also their menu seemed to be having many varieties.Have to try other dishes some other time but the first impression was not that good.So in a double mind to visit this place again.  Ambiance - 4/5 Quantity - 3/5 Ta...

Horrible service.......I asked for Pander Lababdaar and 3 Phulkas......what I got was 1 mix veg. This was at a time when even the crowd wasn't much......no idea how these guys handle crowded situation.

Wanna try live worms?? You are in the right place. Never try anything from here. Irresponsible restaurant management. A guys from there tasted the sauce and  said "it tastes okay. May be because of heat food getting worms like this". Really pathetic.

food was good.. the taste was food but the only problem was the service, the waiters r not trained and make disgusting faces when u take time to order or make them wait,

Wrost ever place i have ever visited in Bangalore. Rude staff to bad food nothing is fine. I had ordered for mushroom curry which was not only bad but chapaties was kinda hard. Staff didnt even hear anything and replied next time won't happend. So place is not recommended.

No Option put less than one start.Worst food. Please don't waist your money. got stomach issue for me and my friend after having the food from there.

A big no from my side. They charge too much for everything(may be due to thr bus depot) but no way they can charge so much for the quality of food and service they give. An average taste with average service.

Not too good for north indian people , tried biryani it was ok . Prices are not too high

If you are a north indian and craving for a puri or parantha or anything north indian. A big no. Don't even think of visitng this place for a morning puri or parantha breakfast.

Nothing is good about this place. Beware, you may be sold stuff that is old and consumption of those stuff might make you sick. Folks over there do not hesitate a bit while selling food that is unsafe for consumption. Food from this place might be dangerous.

Would rate bad for sweets. Being a Bengali and a sweet lover, their rasgullas and gulabjamun share not at all up to the mark. Bought a pack of namkeens as well but that was also just ok. Nothing great about the place or the food being served here. I'm definitely not trying anything else here.

Avoid at all costs. If a south indian restaurant fails to make a decent idli and sambhar, I believe it deserves to be closed down. This is the case with this place. The sambhar tastes and feels like like some orange coloured water. Chutney being as thin and watery as sambhar. Have Tried 2 times, spanning 2 months apart, no difference.

I am not sure if this is a veg or non veg Restraunt as I had cockroach in the sambar and neither the staff nor the cashier had any regret on the face and yes cockroach roaming free on the table and on top of that the rava idli served was stale and had dust particles that I could feel in my teeth...I had gone to a diagnostic center for some blood test as I was unwell and the wanted to quickly eat something quick in a clean place but it only made me more sick..I am so wild on this guys

Stopped at this joint of Goli vada pav for a quick snack. So this is not my first time at Goli. Having had from their other chains around the city this one is a disappointment. We ordered for two Schezwan Vada Pav and the pav was not fresh at all. It was cold and little rough. It looked like they just made something for the name sake and gave. Moreover,they didn't have Sabudhana Vada and even chillies to go with the Vada pav.

went here expecting a very good meal from what I saw in the review section of this page. In spite of the shittyyy ambience. thought the food would make up for it. we took the meals, Was first denied pulav, curd and the dal was so bland, It would even make the happiest days dull. I give it a 1 rating coz I cant go lower than that. Thanks zomato

Went there on new year's eve as almost all the places were over crowded. All the items were overpriced above the menu prices. Ordered Pepper Chicken and some snacks as sides. Waiters make you wait for long time. Wish I had not gone to this place at all.

Not a place worth visiting. Always over crowded. Its a low cost place on brigade road. Noisy and dirty. The toilets are like hell.  Drinks cost average and food is average too.

I always avoid CCD lounges but this one in particular really disappointed me. I decided to try the new food in their menu. I had packed myself Milanes pasta bowl which was supposed to be tomato base. But the pasta just looked liked tossed in butter and nothing else. And what made the situation worse is that I found a strand of hair. How can a lounge be so negligent. Does the chef not wear a head cap while cooking???This was a total disappointment.  I also tried the oriental veg rice bowl which w...

The Whole is Greater than the Sum of its Parts was  coined by the philosopher Aristotle. In team sports the basic thing they teach you is T.E.A.M. meansTogether, Everyone Achieves More. Mergers and Acquisitions follow Synergy which is the concept that the value and performance of two companies combined will be greater than the sum of the separate individual parts.   Pizza base, brownie, choco cookies, cheese cake , nougatine and chocolate fudge sauce. Chefs can create magical dessert by using...

We ordered 10 pizzas for a birthday party, be it delivered 9 and charged us for 10. We were busy with the party and did not cross check. It's very disappointing that you can't even trust a brand like Dominos to do their job.

Bad experience. Not worth for the amount paid. The chicken biryani was so bad that we had to just leave it. Pathetic ambience. Quality=Zero!

Never order food from here!!!   I shouldn't be giving even a 1.5!!  Every thing about this restaurant is bad.  Quality - 0 Quantity -  0 Staff not friendly  Waiting time is more  It is said to be Mangalorean cuisine!!!  I was surprised to eat chicken sukka there!!! I was wondering what it was...  And fish fry tasted like dry spoiled ice fish!!!  Don't mess with Mangaloreans... We know how fresh the fish is!!!

Ordered home delivery multiple times.  The chicken tikka masala was good but the butter chicken was a huge disappointment,  it tasted like tomato curry.  It was so tangy couldnt eat more than a spoon. Dal makhani is not consistent at all.  Should maintain the quality of food for the restaurant to do well.

The place looks ok, most due to the chai place next to it. The food is made in bulk quantities. The dal makhni was tasteless. The paneer tikka masala was decent though. Shikanji was given in a disposable pre packed container. The name puts shame to Punjab ka awesome food. Not recommended at all.

I am a regular customer to this place, no doubt the food is great but I am very dissatisfied and disgusted with their attitude, first, no one picked up the phone today so I had to go to the  shop, when asked, I was told that they had just opened the shop and so they didnt answer the call, next, they got the order wrong, when I asked why they got chilly chicken dry when I had ordered with gravy, the guy gave me a rude reply, when I asked the cashier, he realised his mistake and asked the chef to...

Today I went and taken parcel,price is too much and quantity is very less.chicken fry 130rs.. Don't waste money.not even 4 pieces. Iam feeling very sad after seeing the fry

There is no home delivery for 2 or 5 people. Waste of time searching for hotels and calling them. Remove them from home delivery in this site

Bad shop.... Went to buy chole bhature , pav bhaji. Was highly disappointed to see they serving one day old food from fridge and warming it while serving . It was not fresh, check my pics. I would never recommend it to anyone. The taste was pathetic   To me it was first and last visit to shop.

Bought 5 kilos of kaju katli as a gift to my friends. But it does not taste like kaju. I think they are mixing something else as well like maida and other flours ..

Bad place to go to if you are craving vada pav... No taste n a very small vada..

Quality of the food is very worst. Have tasted few dishes all are very worst. It's not recommended place .                                 .

Within the distance of 4 km they delivered food after 1.45 hours,and notified me that they will deliver it within 40 min.we had order for lunch not for dinner.

I wanted to have grilled chicken and got to know about this place and it is near to my office I just ordered. It was dull in taste will not recommend this place to anyone!

Although I'm an regular costumer for this outlet taste is not bad but I take parcels for two times here 3  egg biryani there was no egg in it and only rice we have then I went next time and ordered 4 Egg biriyani and took parcell and then I remembered there was no egg in 2 biriyani's soo please don't trust.....

Dose Mane Was Closed Last Month Itself Please remove from thia.........And it was very bad Tastes......Totally bakwas Hotel

Since it was near my place which is near to monotype I happened to visit it. It was a mediocre restaurant with chicken grill. Ambience is very bad. Taste is not up to the mark. But chicken grill with vineger onion filled my stomach for the day without any after effects.

Looks like Blimey has shut shop... Went there this evening with a guest and was surprised to see that the doors were locked although the board is still there. Was told by someone at the neighbouring restaurant that they have closed down. If this is actually a fact, zomato should remove the listing immediately...

Had a very bitter experience at this place. I had booked a table for 5 for a Sunday Brunch. The place was pretty empty when we walked in. The manager directed that our table was upstairs. It was so sunny and our table was right under the sun. I asked for a change of table as no one was there. The staff did not agree, nor did the manager come to see what the issue was. When we went and spoke to him he was extremely rude. He said we could either take the tables downstairs or just leave.   It doesn...

You order pizza because you want your food fast or you're craving for it! But this branch of Pizza Hut is spoiling the brand name.. pizza was delivered cold, way later than the promised time and I paid by card so it doesn't matter if it's 30min or free! You gotta eat what they serve

Your shop in Uttarahalli when we want to order type locality Uttarahalli not finding can't order and not finding Gubbalala road and not finding Subramanyapura then where you deliver????

I hate to write this, but this restaurant has dropped its standards now. This was a popular choice for our Weekend Family get togethers before. And at the time, not just the food, but the ambience was great too. Now both are bad. They've reduced the space for the restaurant for some party hall and there's hardly any staff. The food took such a long time to arrive and when it did, it wasn't nearly as good as before.

Went today to take a parcel and they don't have a carry bag to carry the ice cream cake... Can you believe it... Grow up.. If you are selling some thing then you should have carry bag atleast.. Very much dis appointed

I wonder how and why it is been highly rated.   Ordered Cake for colleague's birthday and the cake was not delivered on time which is fine . But the cake is completely out of shape and I don't even see any signs of cake destroyed because of delivery guy .It is completely the baker's mistake and after knowing the cake was not in shape they still delivered it which is insane..   Seriously who will delivery such kinda cake ?  And the birthday wishes were written as if some kid scribbled ... Phewww

Visited this place by chance and my friends and I still repent for our choice. Super expensive for the quantity and quality of food they serve. Service was at snail's pace! Price as mentioned was not worth it. We ordered for meals and Pathetic experience is all I could say!   Only thing I liked about this restaurant is their Badam Halva and that's it!   Pro : Ambience is really neat and decent for a fine dine restaurant. Location is very convenient.   Could give it a miss :/

Service is not good.... Not much varieties... Curries for all are same.Non veg 5/10Veg 7/10.                                        Dislike !!!

You know some restaurants should just not exist, not on this planet, not anywhere else. I'm surprised that restaurants do exist where plates and spoons are not washed. The chapatti tastes like a sliced stone to test if your teeth is strong enough. It's a disappointment to the station and the food served here.

Worst place to have food...  No good food, dirty plates &  spoons, poor service(had to wait for tissue paper).would had rated 0.001 but 1 star is the limit

The worst place to have food. Though pepper fry tastes OK (comparatively) , there's no hygiene. Plates , spoons are not properly washed, you can actually see the food last person ate on the plates/spoons.

Finally, we found one non veg restaurant near railway station,.. my friend treat todays dinner,,. Butter chicken so bad,., barota nice,,, but we wait more than a 15 min for food,.. garlic chic also good,.. biryani tasteless,,.  I like  chicken noodles and barota,.,   Ambience 1, serve 1 point,,,, only 2 3 members to manage the restaurant,,..

Nowhere close to original chawla chicken...poor food..nd by chance if u luv rats..u wl luv the place.

Yaar.. Ludhiane de chawle wargi gal nahin !!!!  I went on a weekday evening and the restaurant was all vacant.  Shabby ambience.  I ordered for the famous Cream Chicken and told him 'bhaiya waisa hi banana jaisa Ludhiana mein milta hai' and i got a response ' Agar appne Ludhiane ka khaya phir order mat karo' :P :P  I was hungry still I ordered it. It was ok but other Paneer stuff was pathetic. It was like eating Chewing gum.  Wont advise to go.

HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE...HOPELESS UTTERLY USELESS GUYS  This happened on 14 April. I ordered food from this restaurant at 8:30 PM they told that the food would be delivered in 45 minutes. I live less than one kilometer away from there restaurant. I was kept waiting till 10:15 PM when after 3 repeated followups their delivery boy finally called and said it will take another half an hour to deliver the food. At which point I called up the restaurant where they said they can do anything about an...

Very useless resto bar. Only 1 beer avail KF premium pint. 70% of the menu is unavailable. Credit card machine does not work. Ordered for peanut Masala, which was sticking had to return back.  Chef took the order for non veg platter and came back after 20 mins said we do not have......  Advice to the owner to shut down the place rather fooling customer.

Sorry state of affairs.... Guess only around 40% of the menu is readily available.....don't bother with continental food. They don't prepare them even though it's on the menu. Out of 4 beers only 1 was available & warm only.....service was ok.

The Staff was worst! I would never ever suggest anyone for this place!  The Staff from this Place took my phone number telling they want it for some feedback and shit! and some guy from the staff texted me on whatsapp!! The worst place ever!! Food was also not that great!

This place cannot be described as your typical local darshini nor can it be said to be a small restaurant. Its a place with a darshini type area at the bottom and an ac dining room on the first floor. I cannot say anything about the experience of eating there, as both times I have ordered or taken away food. The first time we did, it was during Eid, when not many of the local restaurants were open or had delivery services. We did not want the typical pizzas and were looking for something more wh...

Worst service and the ambience is bad. Servers does not even care even if you call 10 times. Horrible service. Took 40 minutes to serve the starters even that too after repeated asking. Utter waste staff and worst ambience. Never ever step into this hotel. They spoiled my evening.

Worst restaurant I have ever been to..no tandoori food after 8.45 pm, but menu says 11pm, service is really poor, I had to repeat everything atleast twice, waste of time, money.

We went for team lunch.. It was totally disappointing.. It was crowded because of women's day and management was very bad.. Plates were not cleaned. Service was poor. Even water bottles were not available by 1 o'clock afternoon. I had veg food which was okok.. People who had non-veg, as per them egg curry was spoiled. In short go on with your own risk.

Have ordered 2 times from there. First time the order took 1.5 hours to deliver but it was hot. Today I called at 8.15 am and ordered for hot Idiyapams to be delivered at 10.00 am. The delivery was made at 11.15 am and it was cold, not even tepid. By that time even my guests had left. I called them and told them that I will not order again from them, all he said was "Ok ok". Not even an apology for cold stuff and late delivery.

Decided to order from Panda boy after reading enormously kind reviews. But i felt like i was one of the uninvited guests.  Ordered honey chilli wings, schezuan fried rice, chilli garlic fried rice and chilli chicken and to be brutally honest, it wasn't any different from the Chinese carts you find on the roadside.   Rices were oily, too much honey in the wings and the chilli chicken was bland.  Would stick to my old Chinese place.

Its really sad because when this place opened i used to go eat there every week. There was the owner and her son. Now its just horrible. No taste. The aloo paratha is horrible. No Aloo in it. We got so sick after eating the butter chicken there. The owners keep changing. Their lack of passion reflects in the food they put out. Bland at best .

This place is overpriced. I went here with a friend for lunch and as we were going through the menu, we couldn't do anything but stare in awe at the prices. Finally, we ordered thali meals as we were travelling and couldn't spend much. Thali meals were alright, much credit goes to the banana leaves which gives it a bit of consolation. Will definitely not recommend this place to anyone.

I ordered mutton meals.dey kept a curry wit 4 pieces. Those pieces were having only fat.only in one piece i got meat,dat was whitish wit large fibre. I dnt know whether its mutton or pork or beef.if dey serve something, doesn't it hurt one's sentimental feeling? I just kept it away n washed my hand.disgusting

I generally avoid restaurants located in the vicinity of Bus Stops as I have observed and experienced their zero commitment towards hygiene & quality.  Hotel Sri Raghavendra is no different! Whenever I have to commute out of town early morning, I end up having breakfast here as there are no other choices.   Service is too creepy and unprofessional. The cashier doesn't gives a damn about customer grievances. I've witnessed him ill-treating and abusing customers many times. Same thing with the oth...

If you have 15 to 20 minutes extra time, dont even think about this restaurant either for lunch or breakfast. This kind of restaurants dont even think about quality, consistency or taste. All they see is floating population in the Bus Stand, so they don't bother if customer is satisfied or not. I knew all these things, however i visited multiple times while travelling to my native. But ended up with disappointment with their Idly Vada, Tomato Bath & Masala Dosa. All the dishes were made with low...

Was on my way home from majestic stopped by for a veg thali. Around 10 pm.  Located between the railway station and bus depot  POPULARITY INDEX  Almost 3/4th full even at that time  AMBIENCE No frills udupi place  SERVICE  Counter servuce for parcel was quick efficient   MENU Standard South indian Chinese Punjabi menu   FOOD Ordered the South Indian thali rs 85   Rice Standard white rice   Cabbage Palya just cooked in Haldi.  No coconut hardly any tadka. Bland flavor less    Sagi Averag...

It was a late after coming from Mysore to Bangalore we reached to Majestic Railway station we are hungry next to the station we seen this hotel as decent place but no cleanliness about the tables waited for order   of 1 Paneer fried Rice and 1 Veg Palav as poor the food fried rice and palav are sleeping in the oil  it was toooooooo oily food plav taste ok and paneer fried rice was pathetic

Oleaginous food!!  We ordered chilly chicken and chicken fried rice, The chilly chicken was soaked in oil, probably can call it as oil floating chilly chicken, the chicken pieces were huge for a starter!! Chicken fried rice , the rice was dry which would definitely screw up the taste!!  Not again!!

As per review I didn't find it better. Taste is not so good. OK OK..Try AL bek other than RT nagar branch.Service is OK like other restaurant.

Clearly one of the worst restaurants in the R T NAGAR AL -BEK , not because of their food or SUCH worst HOTEL MANAGEMENT.  I just had diner here Sunday . That was the most surreal dining experience, I have had in quite some time  This restaurant is the worst we have ever eaten at in

Pathetic Service. Asked for no RICE and Extra Roti. Recieved the opposite despite mentioning in Zomato and calling the store. Order delayed by 2 hours. When called the store was told that next time you call and remind me I will compensate. Delivery person had torn clothes, unhygienic looking and felt as if he was assaulted by someone. Really not worth ordering again.

As probably statied by someone earlier as well, the foil on the package was stuck with so much rigidity, that even after taking all precautions in openibg the package, we still managed to spill the veggies out of the package and even onto our clothes. .If that was not enough, there was just too much dust particles (kirkiri as we call in hindi) in rice as well as veggies. The only respite was Gulab jamun, which was good

Not a very memorable experience I will say. The most annoying thing about the whole order was the packaging. The silver foil was glued/stuck to the black plastic container so rigidly, it was such a nuisance opening it. Even after making sure to open to slowly, such intense sticking cause a lot of contents to spill out on my table and shirt. Amazed at the audacity as how can you people charge like 50rs extra on an order of 99 rs stating delivery charge and all and ruin the very same thing. No poi...

Would have given a zero. First of all food was cold, arrived late and then they did not deliver all the items that were ordered. Secondly the delivery person was rude when asked why items were missing.

Very disappointed with the food. Ordered two HP3, one HP2 and one express combo... Food was cold and delivered very late(Took one and half hour to deliver food after so much of follow up). In the name of salad, we got boiled beetroot. In place of vegetable curries, they served Rajma and Kadhi. Gulab jamoons were solid lump and not well cooked. Food was very cold. Tandoori rotis in express combo are worst we ever had till now.When the food is such and delivered soo late, it tastes much worse. Th...

Terrible experience. Please avoid this place.  We went for dinner on a Sunday evening. The waiters seemed too busy. Tables are so close to each other that when the waiter was serving at the next table, his dress was touching my plate :(  The rotis that were served were cold by the time it reached our table.  Gone are the good old days of Roti Ghar. It has become a cheap hotel

There used to be a time when this place served really good Pav Bhaji, esp Paneer Pav Bhaji, but of late their staff changed over and since then its just gone too bad to even try, you might as well walk down the road and try the road side stalls, they serve better chats ...  An year back, I'd rate this 3.5* Not worth a Visit, Dont waste your time.

I know this Pogo Chats from Day 1... I had been once and it was my last too.. I really don't understand why people go here.. Trust me everything is tasteless here, not worth going once also... They prepare Bhel puri with Noodles and named as "Chinese Bhel". Very attitude staff... Instead of going here there are so many places near this, please do visit.  Taste: 1/5 Quality: 2/5 VFM: 2.5

The place always has people , but the taste is not at all good. Its average. The cost is pretty cheap and many of the dishes taste bad. We took the chinese bhel which was awful. Papdi chat was good. They have a very unique menu but the taste doesn't stand up.

Pathetic service. Don't deliver the food. And once in a blue moon, if they do- it tastes as if there is soap in it.  DO NOT ORDER OR EAT FROM HERE.

Ordered gulab jamuns through Swiggy ...They arrived black and burnt right to the core...I think they have the audacity to charge 187 for 4 gulab jamuns and then serve burnt gulab jamuns.... Mast kalandar is not  concerned with the food quality

Tried Chhole Bhature on a Saturday Evening after office. Chhole were tasty but the Bhatura were very bad is taste.Felt like they had been prepared an hour ago. Please avoid visiting this place.

Pathetic quality of food and service. Delivery delayed by an hour and food that was supposed to be warm was cold, food supposed to be cold was warm. No paneer in the paneer dishes and no filling in the stuffed kulchas. Never making the mistake of ordering from here again.

In summer afternoon they don't have AC running!!!  Few years back it used to be a good restaurant now it's waste of money. Food quality is too much degraded. Not even worth for free!!!

Delivery is very poor. Delivery boy talks rudely and had a war of words with him. There is no proper response from their authority. Talks in bilingual language but doesn't know which is left and right and ultimately at end, I am responsible for the delay ?.

This place sucks... Roti was half cooked. My last mistake of 2014. Took dinner for family from here thinking they might hv improved.. But it sucks...

We are ready to pay tax. But that doesn't mean you can put 40 rs for 20 rs cool drinks. Do you think we cant be serious enough to sue you. I have proofs against you bloody people. Make money in a good way. Don't be stupid jerks. Paying tax is okay and upon that we need to pay double amount for cool drinks. ? For what?  We can sue you. Don't think we don't have proof. We do have that. Bloody jerks

Good hotel in food,but service is pakka 420. We are a customer from past 4 years and the managers will ruin all your happiness if ur on high. It's our 3rd experience, in restaurant which charge for 13.5 peg in full bottle of 750 ml (as if we are week in maths) and charge for all silly reasons. Be aware before u pay ur bills.... Worth for food, Worst for THRUST.... 420 people ... later gave us 1k discount from our bill...

Tasteless, No spice, absolutely nothing in the ingredients that you expect to arouse your taste buds when you eat chaat. Not very hygienic either.

The most horrible chat place ! I am from UP and have lived years in Delhi.... But this one just not acceptable. Having the name of Banaras can't change the pathetic quality and hygiene.

Being present in a crowded place like commercial street,i expected more from this place.Ordered Kaddai paneer frankie.Highly disappointed with the taste.That dish was just bland.Price is way on the higher side.Hygiene was far far away.Not recommended at all.

Unfortunately got an onion slice in the Tea served. The juice prepared was good and quick. The look of the hotel was classic, the criss cross table setup was good.

The huge billboard on Cunningham road sure gets your mouth watering. So you take a left and head to C&D and grab your grub only to blurt 'Bummer!' when you are done. Decent food, decent prices, less-than-decent service. Avoid it unless you are stuck in that part of town with no options and even the Pied Piper can't get rid of the rats in your stomach!

An absolute dissappointent.  No ala carte . Menu has only combos. Iced tea , i would say sugary syrup with some tea flavour. I ordered for a Non Veg Combo The included two chicken kababs where as dry as if cooked a week back. The keema masala dosa served with a cold and oily masala filling. Biriyani rice was no more then a coloured rice. Even my veg friends found a chicken peace in the curry : (. Over All low priced but very poor standard of food.

Pathetic is an understatement! Smelly ambience, poor food quality. When complained about it, the person absolutely disregarded the issue.  I'm a Malayalee (and a proud one too) but this is not the kind of hospitality or food you expect from a Kerala cuisine restaurant. A very good example of that is Achayans which is a stone throw away...

Have been a regular in Kayal and shifted my loyalties to this place when it opened. went for dinner tonight. we were the only table in. No wait staff. only the owner. he took our orders for a veg Biriyani and parotta and cherupayar curry. it arrived in 5 mminutes, Cherupayar  was stone cold. The parotta tasted a little sour and was definetly not fresh. The biriyani tasted ok, but not fresh. The lemon juice was good. Lunch still is okay but best avoided for dinner.

Tried the masala dosa here on the day of bandh when nothing was open.it wasnt good.the batter tasted a bit sour and the bhaji too salty.wont be heading back here anytime.

Rude owner he thinks he is goon and talk with utter agorance, informed him that the quality of your rolls have gone down since I have been visiting them from a decade he has the audacity to ask him to eat somewhere else

Last Sunday I ordered Biryani from Huliyappa at 7.30 in the evening and had a take away. When I consumed the same at 10 in the night the Biryani was stale. I was not able to eat and had to throw it away.   I have been regular at Huliyappa and never faced this problem.  When I spoke to them about this they told me that I had it after a while, as per my understanding if it was prepared freshly it wouldn't get spoilt so soon. After this incident I won't be visiting Huliyappa ever. Who ever is order...

Only good for south Indian breakfast. Reasonable prices and gets crowded in the mornings. Pretty average place. Was better when it opened and I feel they should improve on the quality of food.

From wow to worst. This place was good when it started newly. Now none of the food taste good. Its just waste of time and money trying this place. There are better restaurants close by to this place. This place is not worth a single try. Quality 0/10 Hygiene 2.5/10 Average 1/10 for this restaurant.

Located in Basavangudi near Lalbagh west gate. Planned visit but It failed to meet our expectations. Unorganized, rude and pathetic sambar. Had idli, vada, plain dose. Pongal was a disaster. Other things were normal. Wish if they can improve their attitude.

One of the worst places. They are not even qualified to run a street food joint. Food is a complete disaster. Went there on a Thursday with colleagues only to realize that food can be cooked so bad as well. Imagine the worst food you've ever had and multiply that by like thousand. There you go, now you know how bad this place is. The desserts were good and thankfully they failed in messing up the desserts.   This restaurant in Manipal county is a serious turn off for the resort. Coming to the re...

The chats that they serve is very delicious but it doesn't match up to the expectation when it comes to South Indian dishes like Masala Dosa etc.

I and my friend opted for a buffet and I would say the worst experience in terms of service and food.  We waited as long as 20-25 min after the plantain leaf was laid and then came the disastrous food ever in my life !!!!! nothing was good .   All we did was paying for nothing .

Cold Food @ Rs. 250/- per South Indian Meal, we went for lunch. TERRIBLE Overall - Halwa : rubbery sugar glue - Paysam : Sugar Syrup with carrot flakes at the base of the cup - Papadams : These were good, really good. We got the extra papads as and when required - Curd : Nice, cold and fresh. Good too - Kheerai : Lumpy goo - Aloo curry : Someone just served the mornings' masala dosa curry and called it aloo-curry - Mor Molaghai : Seriously seriously seriously old smell. As if someone fried a bun...

Very average place. Not worth trying even once if u are a staunch Tam food lover. You will not like it. Only the vada idly and chutney were tasty. Sambhar, dosa, Kal dosa and everything else was below par.

one of the worst places to go! the ambience is quite spacious but there's no interiors or any crowd to fill up the place. the music is played only on demand which they played after an hour or so and was very disoriented that we had to ask them to stop it after a while. the finger food menu is not very great and highly priced! the multiplex style nachos costs 500rs and don't even get me started on the dips they provided.  not worth even a single visit.

the phone number doesn't exist only........all fake

Pepperpot, another addition to the mushrooming eating places, in Whitefield. Was amazed to read, on Zomato , that Whitefield stands a close second to Koramangala, in the Restaurant field! Had visited the place when it had opened and nothing on it Menu appealed to us but with the promise to go back after it settled the initial niggles. Being an impromptu weekend (Ugadi being a holiday!!) wife said lets get dinner from Pepperpot.   Small place with just about 3-4 tables of varied sizes-the wash ba...

ph toh utha behen ke laude.!!!.

After reading the reviews here, I made up my mind to try this place which is closer home.  I am not sure if the reviewers had a chance to visit this place now. It is totally disgusting and the staff behave as if we are in a queue for free food and they are the privileged folks who have descended from the north of the Vindhyas to serve "tasty" North Indian food.  A few issues:  1. Staff is pretty rude and never have learnt the ways of treating a customer. The place looks totally unhygienic and so...

We ordered food home on the eve of diwali. The food arrived after one and a half hour which can be excused due to festival traffic.  As soon as we opened the packet of paneer kheema my entire kitchen was filled with stale smell. It was completely spoilt just like the curd they delivered. We had ordered for 4 plain paranthas and got 2 aloo paranthas.  We called the place again to complain. After another one and half hours the delivery boy arrives at our doorstep again with stale food. We returned...

Worst place i have ever visited till date!! Rude and Shameless owner..  there only specialty is Lassi.. and for that also they dont have change to give to their customers!! LOL.. :D and they are saying they are the owners of so called "GYANI DA DHABA.." Suggestion: If possible.. try to respect your customers!!

We ordered chapati n chicken kolhapuri.. curry was full of powdered chilly. So I would advice u to not waste ur money on it. Sweet Lassi was tasty n good in quantity. Place was very clumsy.

Hopeless food so very oily like we could not see food it was just the oil. Please do not go here waste of money and you wil spoil your health. We also ordered boneless chicken they gave chicken with bone.

The food is ok type. Serving and hospitality is really bad. They serve food without givng spoons and forks. Main course came on the table when starter is not even finished.

Food is stale and tasteless and to add to that the roti which they call a "phulka" is undercooked,  not one or two, I ordered 10 and each one of them were undercooked.

This place is pathetic. The delivery took more than 2 hours and on calling the management. they kept on telling different lies. Please dont ever order from this place if you actually want to get food!!

There is nothing arabic in the food they offer. none of their dishes are worth eating. one of the worst food place to go. if u want to give ur enemy a tough time, send him to this restaurant yucks!

This outlet is inside the cloud 9 hospital and does not have full service. They do not have a kitchen.  They serve a few bakery products which are on display (not sure for how long they are kept on display as they don't taste fresh). They also serve soups, mac and cheese and the like. It's not value for money at all.  I had the soup and mac and cheese which was disappointing.   They just microwave and serve tasteless food.  Their branch at 80 feet road, Koramangala is great. I love their food. I...

In au bon pain , EGL tech park...Management is worst.whenever if I want to buy something..every time they will not be having change for money..and i will end up buying nothing.one of the worst maintenance.I stopped going there.

Decided to try the Tuna Melt. Big mistake! cost over 500 bucks n had barely any tuna in it! The overall taste was just mediocre - a combination of cheese, 5 slices of tomatoes (!!) n some greens! Disappointed!  This place had amazing muffins n baked items previously. However last week I ended up with odd tasting muffins; maybe a bad day? I'm not sure. But a good place has to be consistent in their quality!

Unless you really about know the existence of this place,  u will take sometime to search among the buildings near innovative multiplex. Cheaper alcohol rate, open atmosphere is the attraction of this place. The place got some decent interior, but isn't much better than a local bar. If u can get your own music,  feel free to use the empty spaces and start dancing.  Please be stable enough so that u will be in a position to get out of this building as they would close all the doors and u should u...

As usual, this place is over crowded.  I ordered for a Fillet o fish burger but they were out of this burger and gave a reason that the machine that fillets the fish is out of order.   I asked for a regular meal but again was disappointed. The overall experience was average considering that this is one of the most crowded joints

Poor order quantity and service. I stay right opp to this on datta mandir road and they delivered the food after 60 mins. Also they don't always have all the things from the menu.

Hi, i ordered mini meal via swiggy for first time and the order quantity was too poor, the mini meal  is only puri or phulka or paratha not all.

Once it's used to be best punjabi food joint, but now it's the worst. Increased the menu price and decreased the quantity as well as quality. I used to like the rajma and chole and now both doesn't have any taste, gravy looks like just mixed with water. I should give my two cents of advice to the owners, please improve on the quality and quantity when you started your food joint, otherwise it will be disaster. I would not advice anyone to have a food here. Spoiled my mood and taste buds.

Pathetic Hotel ! I loved their butter chicken and used to order through home delivery.Their min limit is 3OO which is way above than any other hotel, while I stay just in front of this hotel yet they ask me to order for min 3OO which I find is looting the customer.The food is average and ambience is ordinary for the price they command. I once ordered butter chicken and kebab, but had a change of plan.I gave them a call exactly after 1O mins to cancel the order,however the manager simply refused ...

Firstly, is only a take-away restaurant. I used to order from this place quite regularly a while ago, but the quality and service of this restaurant has dropped quite significantly over the past 6 months. The Chinese they serve used to be quite good, but is not up to the mark anymore. Also, an incident occurred with me while ordering from this restaurant which has left quite a bad taste in my mouth. The Manchow soup is quite good though. Give it a try once if you're looking for some decent quali...

I have ordered hakka noodles and egg fried rice from them.  Egg fried rice was ok and noodles were not upto the mark.   Just choose this option when u dont have any other alternate option.  Also please note : This is a take away restaurant.

If you are going for good Chinese cuisine, I discourage you to visit this restaurant. The food, I ordered few days back was horrible and I spared more than a half of it to my dustbin. Noodles were half cooked and completely without any spice. All chicken preparations were pathetic and coated with thick corn flour layer.  Quality comes first, then quantity! I feel to maintain the quantity this restaurant have compromised with their quality.

Staff behaviour was good...but unfortunately food was not good. I have ordered Seasme Chilly Chicken and Crispy Vegetable. Crispy vegetable is like veg pakoda with thick coating of besan( or whatever they are using)...didnt find any vegtables. Same with chilly chicken...thick layer of coating wid small piece of chicken in it.

This is a farely new placed opened up replacing the previous spicy affair. Now this place is bad , like get food poisoning bad. Ordered biriyani here aNd had to suffer for the rest of the week.  The staff here is hardly attentive. My problem was not an isolated incident many of my friends too had issues with the place.

Ordered from food panda but biyani served was too spicy for my liking.The quantity served was good but it is not east to have that much spicy thing.Good thing was quantity of mutton pieces.

Horrible. Worse than the neighborhood food tapri. 1. Management has no control over what is happening. 2. Took over 2 hrs to deliver and they are 'EXPRESS'. 3. One pack delivered half open. 4. One item completely wrong...ordered Ghost chaap from the kebab section and got a container of curry item. 5. All food cold. 6. Tastes bad of course, just about edible with oodles of salt. I would sincerely suggest any other alternative on Baner road.

I wondered how this restaurant got 4 r 5 rating... today i ordered 2 large biryani's .. they delivered 2 small, 2 very small pieces  and no gravy or raita just biryani. For delivery they took 1 nd half hour which takes 10 min to reach my place. Such a worst experience from Zomoto and restaurant . I will not use this f*** app again

1. Ambiance : (4/5) The ambiance is quite good. The first look gives an impression that the visit might make the day. It is simple yet impressive.  2. Cleanliness : (4/5) The restaurant is completely clean, hygienic and is quite pleasant except for the one place where the door to wash basin and loo has been kept open.  3. Service : (0/5) The service is utter slow and I MEAN IT. We went in a corporate group of 10 people and it took 20 minutes for them to just bring the soft drinks we ordered. Mo...

It's worse tasteless Dosa an Uthappa its total waste of monean waste of ur lunch horrible experience it's nice business fooling people great experience

I ordered Veg Handi,  Dal Fry,  Jeera Rice and Chapati from this restaurant.  I got the completed order in about 10 minutes didn't took him long to get the food ready,  he had everything prepared already.  The veg Handi was smelling when I opened it at home dal fry had jo taste at all.  It was a complete waste  of money.

Today I ordered Reshmi Kebab from Hotel Chaitanya online. When I received the order, I found only 6 pieces are there instead of 8. I called the restaurant and conveyed the issue to manager but no one took my concern seriously and he hung up the call.  The taste was very bad and the pieces were very small. At least they should have talked to me for some compensation because I don't want to waste my money. I recommend all my friends not to order anything from this restaurant.  I hope after readin...

Ordered one pepperoni and gourmet  The crust was stale The zucchini and broccoli in the gourmet was watery for some reason  Pepperoni was pathetic  In both the pizzas there was hardly any mozzarella  The pizza was supposed to be 8 inches but it was like a 6inch pizza  Pointers  Taste 0 Pricing 0 (its actually close to dominos and pizza hut)  Quality 0

NAAM BADE AUR DARSHAN CHOTE N SLOWLY SLOWLY BECOMING KHOTE ALSO....... DETORIATING DAY B DAY.... INITIALLY WAS TO GOOD NOW DEGRADED.... BY ADDING MORE WATER N GREED IN SERVING PANI PURI.... FOR DHATTING SHOWING AS VEERY PROFESSIONAL BUT GAVTI APPROACH

This place do not deserve even 1 rating. Pretty unprofessional behaviour by staff. bad service and poor hygine. my wife got food poisoning after having a dinner over here.

Shity rotted chicken stinky lollipops no saus no tissue paper also venky ur stinky.. as your name ur quality.shity they serve pork instead of chicken

Ordered from Zomato but the delivery boy never landed up at the restaurant. Venkys then had the order delivered. Order was a complete mess. I ordered aloo tikki and they packed chicken nuggets. The quantities ordered were messed up as well and so were the drinks. Luckily I checked it before offering it to Veg friends. Restaurant said what I ordered online was not on menu. Total delivery time was 80 mins.  Food was ok nothing great compared to McD. Ordering from Zomato is a pathetic experience....

Worst food ever. Worst dhansak, uncooked meat. Bloody disgusting food. I threw more than half of it. So disappointed I ordered from this worthless place

I am typing this right now, immediately, after having the most PATHETIC kathi-kabab in the universe!!!  bro I want to suicide. I was so happy to hear that my parents had brought a parcel home. But my happiness was short lived. My expectations were flushed down the stinkiest gutter after I had the first bite ....it smelled way more Chinese than even chilli chicken.  The first turn off: The smell. (I'm using the word 'smell' instead of aroma. Coz it's not worthy at all) The...

Horrible food. Not at all Parsi food. Ordered Chicken Pulao , sali chicken and Bhuna chicken all were shitty and horrible. Very very disappointed with the food ! Wouldnt advice any of my friends and parsi buddies for this place.

I experimented with this place I ordered online through FP ordered Cheese lover's Pizza ,they delivered hot ,Pizza looks like a home made seriously the crust is too crunchy the cheese just float all around the pizza can't see the seasonings , it taste OK not too good can't be compared with Domi or PH(they are the masters).  Missed the strechy-ness of the cheeeeeeese the most important thing "Cheese lover" wants. Simply taste like home made Pizza . To owner sir ji Pizza Hut delivery bagal mei ha...

Firstly living in Maharashtra were u find most of the pav related Dishes are comman here n there. Though Jumboking serves you a concept inspired by McDonald's (Videshi ko Desi style me). Likewise McD we don't prefer AC good seating here.. But we like cleanliness though it's outlet or franchise Cleanliness is must..U should give costumers a good clean sitting place & good drinking water which this place lack's. Coming to the food.. My Order was 2Regular Jumboking i.e Wada Pav. Going through the...

Went with a friend for dinner on Sunday evening.  Location:- Wakad. Place where most IT employees live. Easy to reach.  Ambience:- Worst. Pizza hut is known for its ambience. There's no such thing. Plastic chairs & tables, no art theme, no waiters. Nothing. Place is conjusted & very small.  Price:- All have the same. Taste is what we look.  Food:- No the Pizza Hut quality. Felt like I was eating Dominos . Had Ordered meal with garlic bread & Coke. Garlic bread was like normal wheat bread. No gar...

Ordered food online. Went for Veg fried rice combo as it's pretty basic and is generally a safe option at many places.  So ... In its description it says that the dish comes with loads of veggies, a sauce and an additional schezwan sauce. Well let me start by saying that the rice itself was uncooked! (How can they mess this up!?! Uncooked rice!!!!) Although there were chopped veggies, there was no sauce at all! It was a dry preparation. Their schezwan sauce also tasted raw.   All in all a horrif...

I had been to this place twice. The first time I went when it was newly opened. The second time the service was damn slow and the food taste was pathetic. After coming back home three members in our family started vomiting. I m not sure if it was due to the food or something else. Anyways after dat day i nvr visited this place again and i hv no plans to visit too.

Food - below Average Service - worst, they write down your order and forget it. Never to go restaurant on earth Avoid in all circumstances.

I took the misal as parcel for lunch. Basically it consists of only farsan and the rassa (tried the black rassa) which did not have any taste I have tasted a lot of misals in Pune and this one really disappointed me. The taste was bland with no distinct flavor. I have tasted the original Nasik misal in Nasik itself and this one is nowhere near to it.

Had ordered lunch for family and me around 1400 hrs. Order was refused as it was CLOSING TIME.  Closing time for lunch order by 1400 hrs.????

I don't review any negative. But this time i had to.. Ordered 5 pound choco crunch for my daughter birthday. There was no chocolate at all and choco crunch was hardly to find out. Only it was covered with only cream cream and nicely decorated .but crunch from outside was missing completely..  Over priced and they don't have any fix menu rate too. By roughly they calculate and tell the price..  Paid more than 500rs per pound and got the worst cake of my life.. Will never order any party order.. P

Want to spoil your sunday breakfast, your mood and more over your taste buds Visit Robusta. The place that started just fine when they opened up, tried Pav Bhaji and aloo prantha when they newly opened and liekd both of them pav bhaji was non spicy and good with flavours while loved their aloo prantha that was made of Yellow Potatao i.e. when you fry with spices before making prantha. But today ut was a disaster, Ordered mix fruit juice and it was super shitty, Absolutely bitter and with waterme...

Restaurant: The food I ordered yesterday night was of poor quality. Butter chicken was tasteless with very little amount of some meat. Garlic naan was soggy. Chocolate brownie was missing from the order.

I threw away the chicken gravy extremely salty and chicken was not fresh. Very poor quality of ingredients used for side salad. Salad was stinking Plz order food at your own risk.

i was fan of this place. but recently they have raised the price which can be understood but they have reduced the quantity (misal container)which may cause the loosing regular foodies!!

What exorbitant prices! I thought maybe il get something tasty to satisfy my sweet tooth. But I was soooooo wrong. I opted for home delivery of an Oreo shake. The quantity is negligible compared to the price!!! Plus every sip I took made me miss the awesome Oreo shake I had at burger barn. Give this place a miss!

Got bacterial infection after having "dry fruit mastani"........................................   ........   ...... ............ ... . .  ...

The black forest cake i ordered yesterday was hard. It looked stale and the taste was different.i will not suggest it as a very good place to eat cakes.

I ordered from this restaurant but was very disappointed. Kadai paneer was very spicy with more of gravy and less paneer. Onion Kulcha was also not good. Overall very disappointing experience.

Please nvr vist this restro.. i ordrd masala dosa.. masala was flvrng pungent.. like they r using very old masala... service is horrible Taste very bad Hygn very bad Ovrall rating -

STALE FOOD ALERT!  It was a Sunday evening and I was super hungry craving for south Indian food. It was 5pm and hence a lot of places for shut after lunch. Called up Upper Dipper for a Masala Dosa and Idly. They were good enough to accept home delivery order for a bill amount of Rs. 80. The food came within 30 mins and this made me wonder 'HOW'!  While the Idly was hard and dry, the dosa was breaking into pieces like a papad. But then I thought it might be too much to expect fresh food from them...

simply the worst restaurant that i have come across. the sabzi that the waiter prepared ( after telling us that i will whip something special for you) was so bad ( watery, tasteless) that we just ate in silence wanting to get out as soon as we could. One can make significantly better sabzis using those Suhana masalas. what a rip-off.

Such absolute fuckall attitude . Ordered from here over an hour ago and when we tried to follow up , I get a reply saying " we can't help it if it's going to be late, deal with Zomato yourself"  You guys massively suck . it's just cheese sandwiches,not freaking diamonds. Calm down with the attitude.   WILL NEVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN.

I was expecting a lot from this place as its name says, it shouts momos is their signature dish. I thought the same, I ordered for fried chicken momos and steamed chicken momos. The fried were okay. Not bad.  Although was really disappointed by the steamed ones. They were stale and spoiled, emitting a strange sour smell from them. The restaurant did send another one after the concerned person came and intreospected the quality and cross checked.  Still, waste of time and effort.

Ordered from here... Very bad experience.. pizzas are cold.. cold coffee is way too thin... And fake Ferraro rocher pathetic... You spoiled our Valentine dinner. :(

Pathetic delivery .... It was late by half an hour and the restaurant did not deliver all the items .... So I had to call them again and after that the quality was disgusting ... Worst delivery I have ever had

Mad Momos is a good restaurant but they think Mad momos is the only place where we can order food. Understand Guys there nare hell lot of places in Pune where i can order food, what you guys  deliver is not accurate most of the time, there's a delay in delivery most of the time, staff is pretty rude please teach them how to talk and i would advice my friends as well not to order anything from this place.  regards, Nadeem Khan

The menu looks very attracted with all variety of momos and sandwiches etc. I felt cheated when i ordered from this place. I opted for BROWN CHICKEN MOMOS, which are supposed to be WHEAT FLOUR momos ass written in their menu but they were not. It was made out of Maida and didn't even have a taste good. I called them up to return it but they did not do that. The momos i get from roadside are much much better the price is worth the taste.

LATE ORDER, RUDE CHEATING EMPLOYEES & FOOD POISONING!!  Restaurant accepted my order so that payment gets remitted to their account and then called me after 20 mins and told me that they cant deliver due to distance even though they've delivered multiple times in the past. After lots of phone calls they delivered after 2 hours. RUDE EMPLOYEES OF MAD MOMOS. Wait for the WORST part - I got FOOD POISONING after eating their order.  PATHETIC!

Location: In Kalyani Nagar, a few metres from Reliance Fresh.  Ambiance: The outlet has only delivery and pick up facility.  Items Ordered: I missed lunch and therefore wanted to have something light and filling and therefore ordered Brown Chicken Momos.  Service/Quality: There is nothing much to say. The delivery was late to start with and the delivery was done in an aluminium pouch which resulted the momos to crumble into lumps and then fall apart. The taste might have been good, but it was ha...

Was seeing this place since many days so finally decided to visit. We just wanted a few drinks and snacks along with it. So headed here.. The full place was EMPTY (Of course for a reason) So we ordered some beer (majority options unavailable ) So to go along with it, what better than an Assorted Non veg platter. We were told that it will take around 20 mins to serve, and we were ok with it as we had beer til then. Mind you we got the platter after 50mins (after repeatedly asking for it ) We had ...

Tried pastries here today.. were of really bad quality. Recommend not to spend time and money here. There are better options available nearby.

Good silent place . Service is very slow inspite it being non crowdy.Nearly.took more then half an hour for a sandwich and coffee.Ordered 2 pastries one.of then was stale.2 ratings are just for the taste of Bombay Sandwich. Over all disapppinted not worth the amount they charge .

They sell stale cakes and happily accept that cakes are good for 10 days. The cup cakes I ordered were smelling. Had no option but to return the same. Worst bakery ever

it is an unclean place. if u can ignore that and still order food, go ahead. staff is slow although well behaved, but when u try to keep requesting one thing or the other, they will lose their gentlemanly self

Well disgusting is the only word  I can think of...We went there to have food and never in my wild imagination I could have thought of this.........The seat where we went to sit had dog pop !!!!and  without anticipating the same we went ahead and sat..After sitting my cloth was filled with shit!!!! We were shocked as to what is happening....and this happened right in front of the owner where he was standing in the billing counter...All this happened right in front of him...However I didn't see a...

It's not a restaurant. Its a mess... By mess I mean the place where they provide daily meals but literally a 'Mess'. Untidy ambience... I used to but biriyani from here. Initially it was good but nowadays its very poor. Specially the chicken... You won't even feel like eating it.

Wish I could rate this even less. Nowhere near to hyderabadi taste. Ambience is yuck. Place and staff are dirty. Won't be visiting this place again. There are better options than this in hinjewadi.

Worst kaju barfi I've ever had. In hindi we say " ,  " Its been one year in Pune and I'm still struggling to find a genuine sweet outlet. If someone finds a good sweet shop in Pune plz tell me.

The food is really expensive, 300 for a veg noodles and chilly chicken. the food is not so bad but isn't worth the price at all. The garlic is a tad bit over used. All in all wouldn't recommend the place at all.

Worst cake.They sell rotten cakes under name of fresh.Worst quality.0 marks.We haven't tasted remaining cake.never go with cake of new Poona bekari.

Worst service- Baner Poona Bakery. I had ordered 2 kg cake on occasion of company annual event. I received the Cake in horrible condition..Later owner promised to fix the design and spelling mistake on cake which went worst after correction. I will not suggest for this cake shop..Baner Branch- Virbhadranager.

Not really into reviews, but this place deserves one. Disgusting experience. Today being Thursday, there was no electricity for almost the entire day. Knowing this, asked the person at counter if the cake I bought is in good condition.  Just to make a sale he sold me a cake gone bad! Beware all, and also check dates of all wares on sale there.  Please note, that this review is not written in anger, but simply to expose the unethical way business is carried out here.

After visiting I saw the reviews and rating and I came to know why the rating is low. Really never went to any vadapav outlet as bad as this. A literally waste of money. They charge you 15 rs for a vadapav that is nothing but a waste. If any one wishes to visit here you would leave the place as frustrating as I did.

They started with franchisee of kadhai but could not be able to maintain taste. Now this outlet serves poor quality of food. I ve ordered samosa. Which were burnt from outer layer and were uncooked from inside. Also the taste of masala was not up to the mark.totally disappointed..

Tried Jalebi and Moong Dal Halwa.. Jalebi had a very strong flavour of some essence like Kevda water and we ended up not finishing the plate.. Moong Dal Halwa was better, but not great! Price is decent though.. I don't think I will visit the place again for sweets..

I have been here twice and then never visited the place again... first tried samosa chat which was having very salty and weird taste... second time i tried rabdi jalebi.. and again a disappointment.. jalebis were ok but rabdi was not having any taste... Kadhai in Aundh is better choice for this... i was very happy that some north indian food joint has opened but was completely disappointed..

Went on a Saturday lazy morning for breakfast. All other nearby eateries were closed so it was chosen without any other choice. This place is taken from Kadhai. They are using the same infrastructure, may be Kadhai guys decided to wrap up due to their less demand in that area. Kadhai prices were sky rocketing, so as Kapoor's.But, as Kadhai (so famous and authentic taste) couldnot work. How can someone expect this to work with same price factor but tasteless food.They say chole, but they serve k...

Worst Kolhapuri hotel in Pune. The food is terrible here, the mutton was undercooked n and they used artificial colour in gravy. The place is very unhygienic with stains on the floor and wash basin. Wasted my money and time here.

One of the worst restaurant I ever been at in my life. the reason being is here is what happened. I reached there about 3:30pm there and asked would i be getting lunch now, they said yes sir, we are open, we ordered our food, and when we started our food, we asked them to repeat more Roti (Indian bread) they straight away said sir we cannot serve you roti anymore as kitchen is closed. Most embarrassing thing ever could happened to anyone. In terms of service these guys must not be in the industr...

Pathetic service with disastrous food just wasted my time and money visiting this place. A completely unexpected experience by lai bhari kolhapuri. Captain as well as staff are non cooperative please ignore to visit here rather stay hungry.

The first putting off thing about this place as soon as you enter are the dusty sofas. It feels like it's been nonfunctional for a while. The second off putting thing, is the fact that there is no legitimate kitchen in this place. It's just a small dry wall and glass door. Sort of like a small Xerox store. As my experience here the first time was quite okay, I decided to try it out another night, on a desperate Saturday. Being a pasta addict myself, I promptly ordered the veg pesto pasta, only t...

Great menu! Pocket friendly for a variety like that. But the experience wasn't pleasant. Midnight cravings it was and went with so much anticipation to try out this place. Exactly around 11:45pm we happened to be the last customer. But you know every customer counts! Ordered for a Caribbean style hot dog which was a recommendation from the staff and enchiladas. The hot dog wasn't satisfying plus was burnt to black from the bottom. Same with the enchiladas burnt from the edges. It's one of my fav...

Reviewing in the nicest possible way. Being a food lover can't hurt the food by talking garbage. Staying away from this restaurant. Apologies! :)

