Hello Everyone !! I visited this place yesterday. We had ordered chicken salad and chicken tikka. I must say nothing was actually up to the mark.  Firstly, the waiters could not guide us well with the consitituents of the salad and we ended up ordering something bad, secondly to overcome that we ordered chicken tikka which was again sweet. This is probably the first time I had sweet chicken tikka.   Overall a bad experience for me. To be honest my mistake was probably the choice of food....

Visited this place on a Friday evening with office buddies.It's located just beside Trump Towers in Kalyani Nagar.We ordered Potato wedges,Buffalo Chicken wings,Traditional Roast Chicken,Veg Lasagne and Chicken Lasagne. I must say the Potato wedges are by far the best you can get around. Buffalo Chicken wings is kinda their signature dish and rightfully so as it was quite flavorsome and tender.Traditional Roast Chicken was average but the accompaniments (sausages and potato wedges) were awesome....

Simple yet decent ambience. Unlike, many other eating joints in the town they dont have never ending menu. Their menu is quite simple and ample.  Prices and quantities goes hand in hand and the staff is very courteous and prompt in acting to your requests.  Overall a good place to visit and enjoy limited yet fantastic cuisines/dishes at a competitive rate.  Keep up the good work team.

After a long visit to pune I finally got to visit this place. I heard about the wings from a lot of people so thought of giving it a try. The Ice tea served here is "The Best" I have ever had till date. The flavour is just outstanding. When the Wings arrived they were served with in house mayo but did not seem special but to my surprise they are Outstanding. The flavour of the Barbeque Sauce which is made in-house is something to live for. The plating needs to improve, although will go again and...

I had heard a lot about polka dots but when I actually got a chance to be here, I ended up having nothing but huge disappointment! First of all the waiting time was too much! Not even a single dish of what we ordered was proper.. the chicken lacked tenderness and the curry was also not properly done. Same for the veg items. We ordered a starter with cheese and it was absolute trash

Well one of the first places of its kind, it serves authentic pizzas which is very rare. It stands a clear 10 on 10 for the cleanliness freaks and is a complete deligh to watch how the pizza's are made. The cheese is yummy and when they say something is their pride... trust me it is their pride. I have visited the place more than a doxen times now and each visit has been simply awesome. They are complete value for money and are very very resonably priced. Must visit if you are a fan of authentic...

The pizzas and toppings are good but the sauce tends to be too salty almost every time.  If it weren't for that fact, I would give them 5 stars but because of it, I have to give 3.

I had to do this ! Had to get back home and write a review and do justice to the Pizza that I enjoyed here ! The most authentic Pizza that you'll ever get in India ! Reminded of  a pizza that I had in an Italian restaurant in Europe ! A clean kitchen , freshly made pizzas, amazing presentation, rich flavours and quick service- what else one needs ? We tried the Pride of Brix(veg) and Rivers of Babylon(prawns) - both amazing !!! Can't wait to go back again and try the other combinations ! A place...

One of the best Pizza I have ever had! Look for a better location guys and I am sure you'll do awesome!

Good menu... If you want to enjoy a different taste then this place is a must visit.. We had a barbecue veg pizza... It was worth the price.. and good to taste.

this place just an average place to eat around. Although Working bachelors and Students residing in this area find it quite affordable and easy to catch up with. I rem the when I was staying back there in Wadagoan sheri, I used to visit this place for quite some time.  the best thing abt this place was their quantity portion. Its just good enough for one person. I loved the anda biryani here as I always used to take parcel also and having them while movies at home (I know, gone were those days!...

It was an amazing place. Served the most masaledaar food I've ever eaten. Sadly it has closed down and have shifted. I miss their food. Especially the egg Biryani.

When i remember this place i remember butter garlic nan. Best nan i have ever eat so far. I went to this place with my college friend, and we have order panner butter masala. Its good and tasty but we surprised with nan.            About ambience, its good but not best. They converted bungalow into hotel so you feel like you are eating in your home only.

Lovely place to eat punjabi dishes parathas are real good ..infact heavy only ..tasted a new paratha cheese capsicum suggested by a friend(roshan) it was good..but the patiala lassi OYE HOYE CHANGA JI CHANGA...makes me feel like punjab...dare you finish the patiala lassi...all in all good place to go with family and "FRIENDS" I reapet friends ..

Food is good but ambience is very bad. Good place for affordable dinner or lunch. Food is served fast and is hot. The guy who served me was a kid. So i think child services should look into it  Thanks

I don't want to sound bad or I don't know if it's just me but I didn't really liked the food at Moga. Let me frame it this way, the food was fair enough but I went to this place twice and puked out both the times.   But but but it could be just me, hence if you're looking for an affordable veg restaurant, this could be the place you want to try.   The environment was good and they had two divisions. One where its non-AC while for the other AC one, you have to pay like 15% extra tax on your bill....

Best place to have paneer tawa pulao and the seasonal drinks like mango blast, jamun shots, etc. The sandwiches are also too good and king sized. So if you are want have a cheap n best dinner, this is a must visit place.

Great place to chill out the stomach, this summer Mango Blast is rocking the menu. Must try #mangoBlast. Nice atmosphere, good service, and quick processing. All makes this place to have 4+ ratings

Should not missed for its Mango blast ..just yumm..lot of hapus mango pieces in the mango shake..wow.. I missed to take a snap of it but guys keep doing it its just yummiest shake you have !

Falahaar is one of the places I crave to go in summers, the reason being their Mango Blast..!! It's the best shake to have in summers if you are a true mango fan! And yes, do not forget to try the jamun shot.. and the over loaded cheese pizza!

Had an Arabian Chicken Wrap & a Chicken Egg Roll. Decent rolls but nothing out of ordinary. The prices are budget friendly while service is fast enough.  My rating - 2.5/5

The smokey paneer wrap is the absolute best! Brings back memories of college days- their iced tea is worth trying too. The place is exactly the one you should visit for a quick, scrumptious laid back bite.

Saddened by the fact that they have lost their taste and quality .... It used to be one of the best roll places in pune .... Went last week after almost 3years , gave it one more try last night .... You guys need to get back on ur tastes bak ...

Looking for a nice warm cup of coffee and some peace and quiet to clear your mind? This is the right place for all those who love the peace and quiet and a nice ambience to soothe your senses , and what's more its even easy on your pocket!

Paneer Aloo Methi Paratha is very good & Awesome.  Dal Khichdi is good & worth to order.  Do not order Dal Khichdi Tadka because it is so much spicy. Overall Food is very good & I had taken Home delivery at my Wakad Home & Zomoto service is Awesome!

It's a decent restaurant around Vishal nagar -wakad area. They have more than 100 parathas in their menu card! Also have regular veg thali , snack items.  I tried Gobi ,Methi paratha here. Taste was nice . I won't say it's like punjabi parathas coz it's not that much thick . But one paratha would be sufficient for one person. Serve watery ryta (?) along with paratha which is not at all tasty .  Ambience is okay Paratha quality is nice .

Have tried a variety of paranthas and they are enough for one person to eat and fill the empty stomach. The sabudana khichdi is worth trying here, although it is little bit sweet(seems that they add a pinch of sugar in it). The eatery is worth trying and is also pocket friendly.  The thalis are also worth trying.  Ratings:  Ambiance: 4  Taste: 4  Value for money :4

The provided mobile numbers on site does not work. Here is the updated Paratha Express number  : 9850075893 This is a very good place, food quality is nice.

Good for regular lunch and dinner. Service is good but a not when u want to be out in record time. Paneer and punjabi dishes are recommend. Quality of tandoori breads is consistent and good.  Place and seatings are bit of a hitch. Now its under a new management. So the better taste I feel..

Food is good but service is bad

It's an average place. However ambience is quite okay compared to other joints nearby. Service delivered is so dull. Some stuffs are over prized for e.g I ordered a mastani and special mastani both had price difference but both were same and on asking I have been told that they put kesar in special ones. So overall okay experience

A great place to have your food, to be saved from the crisis hunger and no money and your bachelorhood. Enough space, quick service, friendly staff and tasty and pocket-friendly food, along with complimentary dessert. What else do one need in a place like Wakad/Vishal Nagar.  Overall:Food: 4.0 Ambiance: 3.5 Service: 4.5 Value for money: 4.0

I am visiting this place since it was on DP road ( 2010) as near to my home  and since then it is serving consistent food quality, quantity and taste with optimized price tag.  Food: 5/5 Ambience: 4/5 Service: 4.5/5  Must visit place and can't get any better with the prices they are serving.  Keep it up Durga.

my all time favourite restaurant. their Non-veg dishes are simply very yummy. our standard order is chicken butter masala and cheese garlic naan. Mutton biryani, goan style fish curry and triple schezwan chicken is really good too.

The best choice for guys to hang out at Wakad..a great ambience..delicious food..Veg Crispy has become my fav starter since I ate it here..A total chill out place...

Good ambiance, average taste food and under budget.. Went with friends for a birthday party, had a good time. Need to mention that staff is very helful..

Mostly ordered food from here. A good combo with veg and non-veg options, with both tasting equally good! Shorba here is worth trying. The kebabs are brilliant and served in good quantity as well. Affordable and reliable!

It's been my favorite place to visit with family. Although the service time is long, the food is good. Veg banjaara and chicken lollypops are my favorites along with chicken manchow soup. American choupsey is good and a complete package is anda matka biryaani, sufficient for two.

I love this place. Have ordered from here twice and both times they out did themselves. Highly recommended if you are looking for Italian food . The quantity and the price both are superb. Two people can eat under Rs.600   What we Ordered - Paneer Tikka Pizza & Pesto Veg Pizza - Both were simply yummy. Paneer Tikka is a bit spicy but really tasty, the pesto is full of flavours from all the veges . The pizza has 6 slices and good for two people  -   Cappuccino SOUP - MUST TRY, its a mushroom so...

This review is based on online order that I made today. I ordered chicken bbq pizza and a salad.  Pizza toppings were more like a stuffing, the salad only had lettuce. The quality of food was average.

Ambinace of this place is average.I ordered pesto pasta , risotto and garlic bread . Food was too good.It was above my expectations. Specially pasta and risotto.  Food :4.5/5 Value for Money:4/5 Quantity:4/5 Ambiance:3.5/5

It is small place to hangout with friends, you wont find much crowd. I use to go there only for Caesar salad, Will recommend you to try that.

Having Those Month End Blues? Feeling Broke? Want to have a few drinks with friends with decent food? Stay somewhere near Vishal Nagar? Don't care about Ambience?  If your answer to all these questions is YES, then Hotel Akshat is he perfect place for you. As I said , there is no ambience as such. Its a quintessential Bar where you shall find Heart-broken guys, Old uncles and IT folks all under one roof. I came to this place belonging to the last category with my colleagues. :P We simply sat dow...

This place is Mix of a Bar and Restaurant. People who usually sit here come to drink most of the time. I felt most of the people get their meal parceled.  The seating arrangement is Okay. The separate area for Family is quite congested and indoor too. The outdoor area is Good and We have spent some good evening watching the IPL and enjoying with friends.  Service is Good. Food is Good. Overall a good place to be post office in evenings to have a drink or two.

It is a very good option for working class people. One can sit, enjoy the drinks and talk with someone in minimum cost. Service part is good, food is also good. I myself prefers it a lot of time to enjoy.

This was a quick visit for lunch. I was returning back from a hectic morning and wanted to grab a beer with some friends and something to eat.   This is a place is near my house is a good budget friendly option if you are a group of guys mainly interested in drinks with something to accompany the drinks.  The food served is mainly north indian. I ordered Veg Bhuna and Roti. The sabji was pretty nice slightly spicy and quantity good enough for 2-3 people. Service is fast and efficient so you don...

Mainly for drink loving people. Crowd is not unisex which hangout here. Feels like old type of bar and resto. Ambience is less luminous. Smelly and shabby. Food quality is not that good. Rough and dry. Better for drunkards to hangout who dont want to shell out much money on drinks sometimes. :)

It is located on the left hand of the road leading to Wakad from Hinjewadi. Precisely, after Hinjewadi McD and before Hinjewadi Circle. I have been to this place innumerable number of times because of their tasty food. Their thali combo is a steal deal for 50 bucks and it is sufficient for a person. Each and every dish they served has been great and the addons (raita and salad) plus sweet, has been completely value for money deal. Another jewel in this area.

Great food, courteous staff. Can't understand why the place has got such a low rating. Dal Makhani, Chinese combos highly recommended. Competitive pricing helps. Great for dine in n takeaways. Drop by for a tasty bite.

ok...so twice I have eaten from this place..... first time I had chicken biryani...tikka..(160/-) And chicken Malawi kebab(160/-) ok so let's talk about biryani....... I am from Kolkata....and I have eaten a lot of wonderful biryani all through My life.....(I have had biryanis even in Lucknow and hyderabad)and trust Me I have stayed in Pune for about 6 months.... I have tasted many biryani here in pune and almost nowhere could be top notch.......however there have been cases where I found biryan...

Had lunch and dinner here multiple times...Good food good service in economical rate...Specially I like Dal tadka and veg bhuna here.......

Value for money ! Don't go for starters, we ordered chilly paneer, paneer pakoda both were not good. If you are heading to eat main course and low on budget this is the place to be.

Good food foe the price. Their chinese combo is really a pocket friendly dish. Quality is a 3/5. Also if you do order their chinese combo ask for the chilli chicken one not the manchurian one as it is the chilli chicken minus the onions and capsicums. Their momos are bad rather you go to khao gali for better momos

Food-4/5 Ambience-3.5/5 Service-4/5  Ghar ka khana...As the name says, it really tastes likes it...Ordered aloo Heera, phulka, masala fry papad and cheese garlic naan...I must say aloo Heera was so damn perfect, loved the taste, proper amount of jeera and aloo were perfectly fried...It tasted so yumm. Cheese garlic naan was also delicious served with green pudina chutney...It's pocket friendly place...It gives u a very homely feeling... Especially for vegetarians, they separate kitchens for veg ...

Literally ghar ka khaana. They stand up to their name a home away from home. Their food isn't much spicy and their quality is upto mark. The kind of food which can you have daily. A perfect place for daily goers. Value for money. Have tried their wakad outlet too must tried their chole Bathure. Though I find hinjewadi outlet is more clean than wakad and pimple saudagar one. They have separate kitchen for veg and non veg.   A pocket friendly restaurant.

#GharKaKhana - It's never an easy job to replicate home cooked food for nostalgic people, far away from their homes, especially the bachelorettes and bachelors who need a whisk of their favorites, once in a week!   Located at multiple areas within Pune, I've had the opportunity of dining here on occasions, when my night rider colleague yearns for a spicy biryani and lots of meat! #MasqueradeWithTheMeat   Like majority of the #Bengalis, he loves his chicken and enjoys just the right sorta spice i...

Ghar ka khaana is saviour in hinjewadi.Think of mom made fulka chaach and sabzi this is the place..This place has separate kitchen for veg and non veg..The food is very homely and value for money.Not very fancy but it will lead your taste buds satisfied.

Good place for vegetarian foodies.. Regularly visiting here for lunch. Service is good, food is tasty and pocket friendly..  Must visit with friends and family.

A place with finger licking food, must eat at this place.

Nice Ambiance but bland food. We tried Pudina paneer, moong dal tikki and tava jki sabzi. Moong dal tikki was good but other 2 were horrible. Not worth the price, specially if you are vegetarian. The bill for 2 people (+1 four year old kid)was around 4k. If you are looking for good tasty food skip this.

The view and the ambience is very good but the food taste is just above average .... I tried their murg biryani ... it was nothing good... i dont know about other dishes but dont try biryani

Great experience for us. Staff are very helpful, food and service was really memorable. Best ambiance with pool side dinner.Moongdal tikki very tasty. we will back at Chingari with  my other friends.

There was live counter for kebab and we placed the order for tandoori kukkad, moong dal ki tikki and it was too good. After kebab we had dal chingari and Broomall roti that was also nice. Service and ambience is excellent.

Good ambiance on the terrace. Food is generally good. Mutton sheekh are too spicy. Fish fingers are too small in size. Chicken tikka & the green chicken Thai curry were good.

Lovely controlled environment , high quality of service with great food , a must visit place in town for a quiet evening dinner ..............

Luvly place bt unfortunately v cannot fag there itslf... v got to walk away from our table till the smoking zone :(

It's a 24/7 cafe that serves great food, its quite and peaceful as I've only ever gone post 2am, They do have a limited and pricer menu, but you are served with the best favour, quantity & quality wise.  The chicken burger is my favourite.

The Link@Sheraton cafe is a wonderful cafe with a welcoming ambience and a variety of pastries to try The coffee they serve is amazing  The style of service is also rendered is also good The seating is comfortable and the place is highly maintained updated.

Had been here when It was Le Meridian before Grand sheraton....attended a new year party on the roof top.....fabulous and bud fiddling food......great variety of booze.....Great people,Descent Ambience and a good Do though...had a great party night...!!

On the way back after a heavy lunch and as they say 'there is always room for desserts' decided to stop at le meridien and check out the coffee shop and nibble on some cakes little did I know two surprises were awaiting. Firstly le meridien has changed to sheraton grand well that was a shock and the second came at  the coffee shop. Only 4-5 variety of cakes available on a Sunday afternoon.. I expected more nonetheless I ordered the chocolate mousse cake and the Oreo cheesecake both looked tempti...

We went here at 4 am in the morning...  It is a 24 7 cafe..  The ambience is beautiful totally mesmerizing...  Had veg panini sandwich and latte..   Kudos for the place

TERTTULIA~~ well an intresting name with beautiful ambience. Place is not much crowded. We choose to sat indoors because of weather. As this place is famous for pizzas , we ordered BBARBECUE CHICKEN PIZZA.. and i must say it was soo crispy and yum. Pizza was loaded with cheese and a large chunks of chicken which were soo good. Next we ordered HOMEMADE RAVIOLI .. we were soo shocked by seeing because there were only 4 pieces of ravioli. Quantity was soo less. But taste vise it was too good.  We a...

A perfect place to spend your evening after busy and hectic day in office. Ambience is just amazing. Coming to the food, I ordered chocolate pastry and ice tea. Pretty much satisfied with taste and quality. Service is good. Friendly staff.

As we reached the gate the vallet promplty came over to take our  for a safe park. We preffered sitting out as the climate was pleasant and the white walls complemented well with it. We were four of us who ended ordering sunnyside up, masala omelette, scrambled egg with salmon. For my daughter we asked for a single omelette fry.  All the dishes were presented very well. The multigrain bread was fresh and crispy.  We also had some fresh fruit cubes served in the dish. However the scrambled eg...

Have been here a few times now, love the experience, staff is good, service could be slightly better, food is amazing.   Sangrias are perfect  BBQ chicken pizza  Hummus is fresh and tastes perfect  Tomato basil soup on point  The chicken wrap my personal favourite

I went here since Terttulia, Balewadi is my regular place because i love this place's decor. Its so perfect for any day (the best during day).  Food: Spaghetti Meatballs- 5/5 Its THE BEST i have had in Pune. Perfect amount of sauce and great taste of tangy tomatoes. Thanks a lot Chef!!  Pulled Chicken monterey jack sandwich: 4/5 Perfect for a brunch which goes to another level with their Red wine Sangria.  Drinks (ofcourse): Red wine Sangria- 5/5 why? Check my review for Terttulia, Balewadi. Lem...

Good ambience with a fairly decent service. Located in a secluded corner, making it difficult for Car parking.  Loved the seafood that was served. Ordered Masala Clams with Garlic tadka alongside Jawar and Tandool Bhakri. The spiciness of the thick gravy was eye watering, and tasty.  Tasted Rava Fry of the Boneless Indian Salmon aka Ravas. Tangy and properly cooked.  Also tried the Ravas Mangalorean curry. Lived upto our expectations. Kokam Sarbat at the end was very nice and much needed after t...

If u love sea food head to this place. The food is very good, although not exceptional. All the fish that we tried, surmai, ravas and prawns were fresh and tasty. But, again, nothing was a standout. Will I recommend this place? Yes. But, Nisarga is better as far as taste and ambience is concerned.

If you want the authentic Malavani fish taste, this is the place for you. Fried Bombay Duck & Crab Masala here is to kill for! Though I feel it's slightly more expensive than it should be...but the taste makes you forget that!

A decent restaurant where fish lovers will be very happy. I loved their squid which was crispy and tasty as well. Must try starters but main course was avarage. Recommended for family or a group of friends.

The only place in pune where i got the authentic punjabi food. Great dal Makhni &Tandoori Starters........

dam chiken biryani d best ever... (y) and actully tried solhkadhi first tym here in pune.. its taste superb.. good nveg to eat..

Very nice, Best non-veg.. and Dum Biryani was superb..

Awesome mutton biryani. Service very lousy

Sunder Sasta tikau  taste is good  value for those who don't want mess food but also don't want hotel type of food. When I am short of money during my bachelor days but need taste in food so I prefer this and I recommend this for you all.

The spice loving people should visit this place. I am from Vidharbha which has spice in every dish. Most of the restaurants in Pune serve the sweet gravy and if you ask for spicy then they just give with Mirchi powder tadka. This place is a student place with awesome tasty food. Every dish has a spicy taste except paneer/kaju once. The spicest of all is the veg kolhapuri. The best combination is Dal Tadka and Jeera Rice. They even serve half plate Jeera Rice. For hostilities and bachelors its al...

Nice and decent place for regular meal. When u want some good Panjabi dishes and don't wanna spend too much then this place is for u. There is No such thing as ambiance etc. But food quality is great.

Great place with lot of options. Best for people who like only to visit pure veg restrn..! Good quality and quantity as well...! Cost - 5/5.

Nice place for the chat corner @ evening. In desserts, jilebi is on TOP of everything. All the preparations are good. Staff is polite and helps in decision making of the menu.

On our way to oxford golf country resorts at around 2:00 pm, discovered this place due to strong chat craving...  This place does not exactly fall on the way, it was 2-3 kms on the other side.. but though accidently discovered we found an amazing place...   Ambience was an ordinary seating with sufficient number of tables.. The staff being polite and humble..  the service was quick..  But the best part about this place was the FOOD (which obviously is the most important ingredient of...

A nice place in kothrud to have maharashtrian non veg food especially sea food. Bar is also available to enjoy drinks along with delicious sea food. They would arrange a food festival in the month of July known as aakhadh mahotsav for non veg foodies as non veg food strictly prohibited in the next month of shravan, when we used to visit this place during our college. I wonder how it's neglected on zomato.

The food is excellent . Bit costly but worth  the money :) sea food is excellent :) im in love with the place . Very shady and play filmy songs :p adds to the mood :)

The chocolate brownie of Abhishek is like Pune- Famous. Do have. Also the food is taste, quantity and quality is good! The Sabji are tasty. And the service and Ambience are great!

first time sizzling chocolate brownie . i loved so much . i want to give 10 stars for that . dinner also good taste . nice crowd and staff also

One thing you will love about this place is the ambience. Just the feel of sitting there and chatting made feel good. On top of that the food was excellent. On top of that the restaurant is very budget friendly. All in all a great experience.

Was lucky enough to get a place in abhishek on Sunday Eve . The place was heavily crowded. Ordered dragon roll,veg crispy,cheese chilly toast in starters.  Everything was nice . In main course had lasooni palak and paneer tikka masala. Paneer was like the one we get in any restaurant. Lasooni palak was too good. Highly recommended. Service is nice and comparatively faster compared to the full occupancy.

Extremely tasty food with good service and ambience, a must visit to this place for tasty food, and the best thing is they serve snacks or breakfast meals through out the day which makes this place special!

I ordered Paneer Masala, Paneer was fresh and gravy was also good. Service is slow, it needs improvement. Due to bad service I got worst Roti ( burned and no hot). Ambience is not so good.

Good service with polite waiters...... Average ambience but clean ..... Food is good in taste, and butter roti is awesome....They apply extra butter.....Which is good for butter lovers

Food Quality :average Service: average Ambiance: Ok  Been here several times Non veg is not recommended, Veg is OK ok. Not recommended for food lovers.

Very good place for non-veg, special likes for me- desk ghee biryani and Krushnai special thali. Parcel or dine-in both good. Staff is polite and good.   Cheers!!!

A place for everyday meal!!! Tried couple of times but never disappointed. Good for veg, average for non-veg. Food = Good Ambience = Average Service time = stretched Waiting time = average

Cheap and tasty....Must go for it....!! I would recommend for all Biryani lovers :)

amazing biryani here....the quantity is also very good....and the food is tasty!!:)

biryanis are owsem...if anybody wants to taste authentic hydrabadi/mughlai food  ....must give a try...biryani was spicy and taste....at a reasonable price...chicken was also very tasty...half chicken biryani was 100 rs only....worth it..

Average restaurant with average taste...this review was for food...now coming to breakfast.there breakfast menu is good...all kinds of food is available... especially.south indian food and pav bhaji are Great. Taste:6/10 Ambience:7/10 Taste:6/10 ....

i like the food . near from my home and 2nd best fav of me . i can reach this hotel in 5 mins . nice service . quanity should be more . otherwise good

Tabels are too close to eachother and food is not tasty i didnt  like this place at all service was good bt ambience is average and food quality was also ok not that great

Great location and good food at reasonable prices!  Samudra is located bang at Nal Stop which makes it a perfect spot for people from either side of the river to meet up. The place has ample seating and casual ambience, ideal for quick on-the-go snacks, budget meetings and casual family gatherings.  The best on the menu is South Indian food - anything you pick will turn out to be at least decent if not great.  They have good coffee and tea, and very chocolate-y hot chocolate, and the juices, mas...

Amazing food, great service, lots of space to sit. Idli Malagapudi is my life time favorite, the dahi wada has the most amazing dahi in the world, not a big fan of the dry fruits in the mysore dosa though. Really good coffee, very friendly on your pocket. They give two or three types of chutneys with the food, depends on the day you visit. I love their sabudana wada.  Yet to try their North Indian selection, but guessing from the other preparations, it must me amazing.  Overall, great place. Loy...

A fine restaurant near Karve Putala, service is prompt and good. Food quantity is large and quality is very good. Ambience is good. Staff welcomes you warmly is pleasant.  I ordered Panner 65 (dry) and Fried rice, Paneer was very fresh and soft and right quantity of spices made my dish delicious. Fried rice was also tasty, I think serving fried rice with gravy would make it a perfect dish.  Sheetal's Pav Bhaji is very famous.  Must visit restaurant!

Pretty good place to be with your family for dinner. It's located right on the ever crowded karve road near the karve statue. They have two separate arrangements for seating, one with the A/C and the other without. This place is full of people especially on the weekends with all the families coming for dinner. You have to wait until you get a table but it's worth the wait.  The food here is also quite nice as well, lacks a bit in taste though. The spicy dishes aren't upto the mark but the rest o...

I went to Sheetal the day before yesterday. I once said in another review that if I were to give another restaurant a 5 on 5, it would be Sheetal, and it is. And I can confidently, unflinchingly and unapologetically say that it would remain so for the foreseeable future. Their service us truly commendable and second to no one. Their waiters are well trained and extremely kind with a permanent smile on their faces. I think it's safe to say, much if it's reputation is because of their service. So ...

Good, fulfilling, tasty breakfast... Ordered Coconut Uttapam- loads of grated fresh coconut with dry fruits and ghee, Medu vada- tasty, crispy and good in size, Veg Cutlet- Heart shaped cutlets served with finger chips and salad... overall hearty breakfast....

Visited them when had come to Yashwantrao Natyagruha..! Was really hungry after watching a play at Yashwantrao..! During lunch on a weekend their place was decently crowded. I think majority of the people were coming after watching the play..! I ordered for a Choley Bhatura and indeed it was good..! The Bhature were not too oily..(Have been to other places where oil literally drips of the bhature) and the choley were mediumly spiced but sufficient enough..! Neatly sliced onions were also given i...

I had been to this place last weekend. Initially a bit hesitant to go in as the place was not looking that great but decided to go at last.  # Location  Exactly opposite to Yashwantrao Chavan Natyagruha.. Kothrud. and very near to my house so convenient.  # Ambience  NO ambience as such. Not much decorated but not that boring place too..It is like normal restaurant.  # Food  Had ordered main course directly - some paneer dish. Very rarely you will get such paneer, awesome. Paneer cube was perfec...

Tried Bisibelli bhat and puliodyare rice ... both take away! Was fressh and hot and tasted great! quite authentic!

good food. the ambience is nice , garden sitting under the moonlight. food is not outstanding but it wont disappoint u either. i tried their kaju curry , was good with mild spices but not the best that i have tried till now. so no harm in trying it once.

Vegetarian restaurant in Kothrud area with average taste.  We went for lunch and we ordered veg Manchurian and Hakka noodles. Taste was average. Service was slow even though there wasn't much rush.   Not sure about my next visit here.

I have been to Palavi restaurant many times. Still continue to visit at least once in a month. Moglai and Palavi special dishes are those which i  go for mostly.  The quality is good, lot better than many other restaurants located in kothrud. The taste is good, as well as the quality of food. I have never suffered any sort of heavyness, gasiness after having Palavi's food.  Trust worthy restaurant to go in for with your family.

One of my friend is regular visitor to this restaurant, so decided to go there with my relatives. I was sitting there and was checking reviews posted by others, I was afraid for choosing wring place, but still decided to try this once. We ordered masala papad and harabhara kabab ( one f the safest dish to order at any restaurant ). To our surprise, it was goodThen we had pineapple raita, veg chili mili and paneer tikka masala which were average in taste.Staff was painfully slow. Over...

Wow a wonderful place! I have been here with my friend after my classes to gulp down a beer. Very pocket friendly! And is open till late night too! Not recommended for females.

Rajmudra is located near SBI on paud road opposite anand nagar. Primarily a bar so not a great place to recommend for families late in the night but a good place to get parcel since the food quality is good and cost is lower.  If you want to have alcohol this place has ample options and good seating along with some decent starters

a decent place. really small. the best thing u can have here is the hakka noodles. its one of the only restaurants for the nonveg students of MIT

Amazing place . Cheap and yummy food . Schezwan rice , noodles , lollypop , chicken kheema pav are simply a delight !!!! U can fill ya stomach in just 50rs :) loved its shezwan sauce too and quick and nice service :)

This is no real Pizza or Burger. Please avoid as much as possible. On one good night, I ordered Cheese Toast, Veg Pizza, Burger, alas... It was a nightmare!!!! I have tested many burgers, but this was worst.... No taste at all, tested like only it has Bun, Bun and Bun. Patty was utterly hideous. Pizza was good, if we added loads of Chilly Flakes and Paper.

A good joint for take away pizza's. Its a outlet having seating capacity of 15-20 paxs. They serve pure veg pizza's. Worth having sometimes if you are bored of those MNC pizzas like Dominos and Pizza Hut. The rates are preety average. They should daily offers though.

A small open place to have veg pizzas. They have a good spread. The taste is also good. Corn, cheese pizzas are pretty tasty. Do not forget to get your coke.

Decent place to have pizzas at bibvewadi. We had ordered home delivery from this branch so cannot comment on the ambience. We had ordered veggie club pizza, trio cheese pizza and spicy garlic bread with cheese. I did not like trio cheese as it was bland and bit tasteless. Veggie club was a good choice and was tasty. Spicy garlic bread with cheese was okay.  Overall food was quite decent. They have a lot of variety, quite friendly on pocket.

This is no fine dine place of yours. But yes, if you get a sudden pizza craving and dont want to spend the ridiculous amounts these Dominos and other branded pizza joints charge, Pizzaria is the best option for you.  A college eatery kind of ambiance, simple with no showoff, and good food.  The pizzas are crispy and nice. try their garlic bread and pizza with pineapple toppings. The dragon flame one is for teh brave ones whose stomachs can handle loads of spice. Good meal at a great price. If u ...

It's pure veg... It has to be the best.. That's why five stars from me... Thank You sws veg pizzaria. Never make it veg-nonveg combined.

Garvan chicken handi is scrumptious. Delivery is fast. Had tried their mutton handi in maharashtrian style rassa. Rassa tastes great. But the mutton is not tender.. overall nice taste. Keep it up Guys.

Fantastic food, friendly staff and good Quality alcohol(surprisingly hard to find). Best dish: mutton kaala rasa and sukkah chicken. The chicken hot plate is awesome as a starter too. Prices are slightly on the high side

This place hides behind a wall right off MIT college road. The interior is good and the chicken served here Tastes delicious. Suggest Chicken Banjara Masala with Butter Naan.

You will get real yummy and mouth watering hot prawns .. One of the best food served here .. Served in a very good manner .. A must try item here .. The ambience here is kinda ok .. It takes lot of time to serve though

Hello, This old establishment serves yum food. I ordered Chicken chilly dry & Chicken Cashew dry. Chicken chillies taste was just amazing!! Tender chicken, juicy, succulent (not at all chewy - which lot of restaurants serves!!) Chicken Cashew was little on sweeter side say like hot n sour kind of way. Prepared in Red Sauce. Good taste. The portions were more than enough for two. I also ordered Egg fried rice. Good portion not at all oily. I am rating this restaurant 3.5 because the food is good!...

Best Food Quality. best Chinese and  fast food in Pune i think.

Use "ANURAGA" to get 100rs off on your Zomato Order.  A very nice place to have dinner and lunch. Biryanis are very good here. And also main course. Didn't like the stater Veg 65 much. Overall a good and pocket friendly restaurant to have lunch and dinner.

food and taste was excellent... i could give infinity marks. only one thing i didnt like was, they surved us with masala papad... tyacha stuff fridge madhun kadhun dilela... it was a cold masala papad.. but the taste was great. its not a quiescent place... we have a lot of noise while eating as it is just next to the road..  but, food and service was exceptional !

Among the veg restaurants i have been, pooja is the best. Service is quite slow but the quality of food is awesome. Ambience is not good though.

This place doesn't need a review. Lip smacking, huge paranthas! I would recommend Italian paratha and cheese garlic paratha.. They have a quick service and very affordable.

Chaitanya Paranthas - the name itself determines the hub of Paranthas. They serve various paranthas with several combos options. Apart from the arsenal of paranthas, items like an American Chopseuy is one of the different items to try here, but I'm not sure it will amaze you. Cost is on higher side for some dishes.

Good ambiance, good food, service was ok...  Tomato soup was tasty, a must try fr soup lovers. Murg sholay kebab was really delicious garnished with cheese and the chicken was cooked to perfection. For main course, the Chicken tikka masala was not up to the mark.

Had ordered Chinese from Nebula yesterday for dinner. I have been a regular here for almost 10 years now. For the past 2 times(including yesterday's dinner) we have had a bad experience w.r.t the taste. We had ordered Schezvan Veg Noodles and a couple of Chicken Starters. The food was pathetic to taste and had a pungent smell. We literally threw away the food after eating a bit of it.  We paid nearly 2000/- for a food which is available cheaper and tastier at a roadside vendor!! To the owners: I...

Ok like place the food is not great.  He place has good seating area and the service is good. To try out it not a bad bet though. I might not visit them again.

I had seen this place many a times before but never ventured. Yesterday decided and went there to see how good the food is based on the positive reviews here. Coming to point it was a mixed feeling. I was expecting this place to be an authentic joint for Asian cuisine, which it is not. It is a cosy place for a family to go to and like almost all restaurants on this road, parking will be an issue. Since i was with my family we ordered Roast chicken chilly for starters, thinking it would be someth...

I would suggest this place when you are low on cash and need home delivery. If you go and sit at this plave you may find it a tad unhygenic. Therr is no complain about taste and quantity is just about okay. This is one of those place where you eat after a pricey weekend.

The name of the hote has changed to SAI SHREE now, but the taste is even better!! Especially chicken masala and chicken kolhapuri. Plus the food is cheap!

A small very budget friendly restaurant with good food taste. We are here for dinner several times as rates are very cheap compared to food quality. You can get good veg as well as non veg food here. Punjabi dishes are good. I suggest Dont go for chinese as its quality is not that much good. 2 peoples can eat sufficiently  in 300-400 Rs. only.

Month end ko chicken khaana hai ?? This is the place. You get amazing boneless chicken gravies at a very low cost. The taste and quantity is superb. A normal dish which cost Rs. 100 will suffice 2 people who can hog !! The ambience is unfortunately bad. You may not like to take your girl friends there. They also have mess facilities but I dunno much about it. The food is delicious and I would certainly recommend this place to all the students havin some budget restraints to quench their chicken ...

A large variety of sea food.  Must try crab soup. It was my first experience trying crab soup. Surely will have it again.  Fish quality was excellent soft and tender. Tandoor dishes were good too. Had a great experience visiting this restaurant

Ordered food from this restaurant yesterday,  I was expecting some generic greasy masala and oily food but surprisingly the food was quite tasty and not expensive too and decent serving size.   1. Chappati (4/5) Well cooked and one chappati is pretty huge, not chewy, quite nice.   2. Palak paneer (3.8/5) Tasty and tastes slightly different than generic palak paneer dishes, difference of ingredients.   3. Chicken tikka (4.2/5) Well cookee succulent pieces of chicken, marinated in a nice mild masa...

This restaurant had been on my go to list for a quite some time.I went to have dinner here and I used my 'When in Doubt,Order Butter Chicken' policy  and it kinda worked.The butter chicken was amazing,thick gravy,tender juicy chicken and perfect quantity.The garlic naan was loaded with garlic and the jeera rice was good too.Overall a good,decent place to go to.

Orderd dal takda,paneer butter masala,butter nan.Dal tadka was pretty awesome.Ambience is good.Prices are reasonable.Great supporting staff.Every thing went as expected.

The food isn't bad. For the price it's super nice with spice and beers along. I kind of like the seating it's open space. A lot of colleague going crowd one will see here. I will go again to try more stuff for sure.

Ambiance is typical as that of shady restaurant all over India.. Service is not up to mark, one need to wait refill your snacks plate for longer time.. Staff is little bit miser in case of complimentary snacks. Food is not that good, it depends on the mood of  cook.

Though the rating for this place is below average.. but the food over here is quite good! Service is fine.. and the ambience is poor, but one cant expect much from permit room and bar! Tangdi kebab is a must try!

The place is just like another shady restaurant and bar, crowded by old men mostly who come to drink. The food is quite delicious and service is satisfactory. Ambiance and decorations are pretty good but gloomy. Might visit this place again for the food.

I ordered a birthday cake. and the flavour was personalized. It was awesome. Thanks Priti.

A place bit conguested , but a place that is pocket friendly with pool (snooker), the food is suprisingly good that one can expected from such place , had order a paneer chilly and chicken 65 both dish surpassed my expection , the paneer quality was really good and soft

The place was not so good. There were many mosquitoes. Plates were broken. Food quality was average. You can not say it was best for the cost. Service was quite fast.

Chanced upon this restaurant while walking towards fabindia. The board said goan curry and I couldn't resist trying it out. Wasn't disappointed, it was decent to be fair. Ambience is non existent, very basic. May not visit again, was ok for a shot.

If you like spicy and good tandoored chicken... This is the place ..fortunately I had ordered late in the night I got the delivery quickly...

What an amazing Tandoori Chicken it was!Loved it, it was almost perfect. Tried their Chicken Tangdi kabab also which was very tasty as well. I'm glad they had bar available as well. Beer + Tandoori Chicken is the best combination. Ambiance was just Ok. I doubt if I would have ever visited this place just by their appearance & rating on Zomato. But it was a friend's recommendation to try chicken dishes here & was a good decision to try them out. Service was good too. Would drop in again for sure.

I had ordered in .... Da food is really good.... Tandoori chicken is highly recommended .... Keeps up to its name...Prices also are reasonable... Loved the salad they gave with the tandoori....

Amazing chicken starters Antara kabab and choli chicken is amazing  Place is a typical bar. But. For trade. You. Can order online or call them for free home delivery

Good place to have drinks. Situated on busy junction near Fatima nagar. Never tasted food here. You can say a typical bar meant for drinking. Once ordered simple garlic nan however they didn't bother to cook it properly.

Been here and it was really great...  Had a nice time...  If you are in the area you can drop in and have some fun with ur frds..  Food is good as well

This place is broken every now and then by the PMC guys but that doesn't seem to break them continuing from where they had begun. Well the ambience is nothing to talk about. I have never been excited to sit and dine and I have always either called for delivery or pick up the food on the way back home. A descent place to catch quite a full dinner but somehow I find the place a little too expensive for what they actually are. They don't have much choice of mutton in starters but the chicken starte...

Telling u from past 6 m experience with #Sip&Dine... Awesome food... Be it any item in main course... Fast delivery... At your door step.. . Can't comment over interiors n ambience since I had always ordered for home delivery... Must Try dish : Kaju masala... Never had such dish any where... Secondly Meethi malai mutter... Though last time it was more bitter... N veg pulav n khichadi... Though it's more like jeera rice with dal fry.. But still its relishable ...  Problem : U never know when it c...

Food is very good.... apart from dat its home delivery is very quick.....  its popular dishes are dal makhani. Veg kadai. Chicken tandoori.... n afgani chicken kabab..... a must visit. Food is gooooood.

Superb taste, awesome variety and courteous service.  A must visit...I will deduct 1 point for the ambiance. They can really improve on the ambiance. Try their Chicken Methi... is Yummmm and Chicken Banjara Kebab.

Was the chinese/thai place to be around a couple of years back. Small little place on nibm. Good food and nice ambience. After some management changes things changed and the food didn't seem to be the way it was. Also they were running short on staff so service lately wasn't good either. Pity, that now the place has closed down.  Given a little more time and the right management, would have liked this to regain its old charm.

Been our favorite take away or site-n-dine restaurant for 8 years running now !  Good quantity, very healthy, courteous & amazing service ... Thumbs Up !!

The Food at Banthai is awesome. Reasonably priced food, casual dining joint For vegetarians also there are lots of varieties, Service is not up to the mark, but for those who want to give it a try , I would say Go On. I would vouch for Veg Starters, Soup and Rice

Changes in this restros are affecting the food taste and new variance good & bad both is coming.  Still good place to enjoy the food at reasonable rates adn save some money we are loosing due to price hikes in household items.  Pad Thai there along with the Triple Schezwan Rice is tried and tested many time and keeps the same aroma and texture.  Its gives the feeling of food after even 2-3 hrs due to spicy and youthful nature.  Great place , look ambiance and waiting out is worth.

Good Food, Good Price. A nice place for a casual dinner. They just need to improve the ambience.

just came back from dinner at rice n curry n utterly dissapointed. Being visiting this one for past 1.5 years and it amazes me to see the quality of food being dropped which is inversely propotional to the price.. thalis no longer available though all the luchi combos r available.  What we ordered:  luchi-cholardal (the cholar dal was pathetic in quality, taste ok, smells of rice starch) bhekti paturi(as much as the price has went up, the 2 fillet of fish has drastically gone smaller in size, no...

very good   can also try bong appetite......4 reviews check the blog http://a-life-of-joy.blogspot.in/

This place has a good ambience and fantastic customer service. The prices are quite reasonable. We had all veg items. We went in the late evening and there was about 10 minutes of waiting time. The dishes were quite good, but can't say that there was anything outstanding or remarkable in their preparation of the dishes we ordered (Lung fung soup, peking noodles).

Authentic Chinese Goood Service Ambience is like any good busy resto Find it on one of the busy streets of Pune! Chinese lovers wont regret ChineseRoom.

This is one of the oldest Chinese restaurants in Pune and used to serve authentic Chinese cuisine "once upon a time"  Things have changed. The food isn't as great as the reviews state. The hospitality is good. The ambience is noteworthy. The menu is diverse and includes a lot of meat and seafood dishes. I was already excited to place my order.  My appetisers included a Mongolian Pork Soup and a Stir Fried Chinese Squids with Greens. The food took 15 minutes to be served. But alas, the quality of...

This is one of the oldest restaurants on East Street. Have visited this place more than 30 years ago. Parking is a major problem in this area. Today was in the area after 9.30 and took chance to visit.  Indian Chinese food at its best. We had sweet corn veg soup 1/2, chicken supreme & veg haka noodles. Finally vanilla ice cream with lychees.  Portions are large here. Two of us could not finish the portions.  The restaurant seems to be very popular still. Very crowded. Tables close to each other....

The restaurant isn't as great as mentioned in some of the comments... The service is quick and prompt...We specifically asked for less spicy and got less spicy not something that usually happens in Pune... The food itself is okayish... we ordered Pork ribs for starters and they were really well cooked... Main course was somewhat disappointing as the salt was a bit on the higher side... All in all not a bad experience.

Had  team dinner.. Work anniversary celebration.. Food quality was 5/5 Atmosphere  5/5 Food variety 5/5 Service 4.5/5  Would like to Visit again n again   Thanks Kantar for lovely dinner

Nice ambiance. Great service. Food is okay, more varieties would have been better. Overall values for money. Tips: Book your table in advance.

Nice ambience. Nice food. Beg was okay. Non veg was good. Nice experience. Nice service, the people here are helpful and humble. Would love to visit again.

One of the best places to have a relaxed lunch/ dinner.. They have a good spread for buffet lunch. The best part is the open air terrace.. It is just a amazing experience.. Food taste is authentic..

If you thoroughly wanna enjoy good food with good quantity, then this is the place. The ambience is beautiful, rooftop view is breath taking and the constant aroma coming from the tandoor grills will automatically take you to a different world all together. Exotica buffet is in my Top 10 buffets in pune. I guess they also have group discounts for corporate's since it's bang opposite an IT hub. A perfect place, for a romantic dinner or just for hanging out with friends/colleagues!!!

One of my favorite places what ever it may be dinner or lunch or some midnight snacks they have a solution to ever thing. I love the pizzas here they are absolutely amazing and the Kheema pav the best things to try, these things from the menu are available all day. The restaurant has a beautiful outside seating by the pool and a very cozy ambiance. It's not really expensive too it's worth the money and they do not compromise on Quality It's a nice place to go with friends and family for coffee a...

One the nicest place to visit during night time... Very calm and peaceful ambience.  GulabJamum with Rabdi is class apart. Besides, you name anything and you almost have everything in there Menu.  A very smartly managed Menu and surely it is one of the most amazing place to visit.

We have visited Latitude @ Taj Vivanta with client on dinner last Tuesday. I was bit of disappointed with less variety of dishes. Less options in drinks menu and less menu on food menu disappointed us. They not even have good non-veg platters menu. Pizza quality was good.

The spectacular Taj service never goes wrong - the all day restaurant serves a breakfast that is hard to resist - a large spread, freshly made and cozy ambience. The one instance that keeps me going to Taj is once when I had to head out early - I was given a packed breakfast along with freshly squeezed juices. Wah Taj

On our wedding anniversary we had been to Taj Vivanta Latitude for dinner.   It was Saturday in Jan 2017. They offered us their international buffet menu which was large, really! They even had hummus Babaganoush n one more, lots of dishes in the main course and desserts, oh so many!  I loved their chicken pastilla, spinach rolls lasagne, green chicken gravy,  Juicy Dressed watermelon, Garlic naan which was hot and fluffy till my last bite -so perfectly done it didn't get rubbery at all, Thai red...

We had been to this cafe for my farewell with a gang of 12 people.. Good music good food.. And budget friendly.. :) :).. A must visit place with a gangggg..

Well. I went there first time with friends to chill. Place is like a lil messy. It will be a lil difficult to find out though. But we managed that. 2ndly the food was wayyy yumm.. everything tasted so nice be it veg or nonveg dish. Hookah scenes were good. It was cheap and nice. For hookah lover a must go.. LIT sucks big time.. 250 for LIT here is a waste.. Drinks well i dont know in that region much. Not tried.. But heard safe sex on the beach is a better option..They need a lil more ...

Its open at late night. Tough to find the place but worth it. The only thing you care about when you are hungry late night is the taste of food. Everything we ordered was delicious. Nothing more needed at 3am !

First time was good. I dont know what happened to you when we came the second time. Hookah was not at all good. Servicing was bad and food was also not great.

The place looks like a makeshift restaurant whereby they have permanent small shop established while the nearby area is covered with tarpolin. The place attracts large office crowd and serving good parathas at reasonable costs. In the evening it has a moderate public.   I was exploring areas near hotel and this place had a decent rating on the App. Again this QSR outlet is located in a overpopulated restaurant zone. I just let the serve decide my order- my only request bring the paratha should b...

So here i give it a 4 just for the taste of food and the size ofcourse This is not a place isnot to be talked about its  ambience and service because it is decent enough This place is known for its parathas and their sizes 1 is enough for an individual  One should try Rajma chaval Aloo cheese paratha Italian paratha

Place  good  in viman nagar .I love  Gobi Partha   good  they  give me with batter  an amazing time  2-3 more  Partha , Aloo Partha saved with  batter  good  awesome

It's nothing fancy, very simple looking place. but There Paratha's are delicious! If your looking for homely dishes this place is good. Helpful, friendly staff, good service. Thanks to my friend for taking me there, otherwise I wouldn't have tried there delicious Paratha. :)

Had ordered aloo parantha, delivered home. Its was average. The curd served was sour and very less in quantity. Won't think of ordering again from this place.

Jst simply amazing...  Is wt I can say... D homely feeling, d amazing n pocket friendly food... Makes me not leve d place.#love #lesarah restaurant

Gem of a restaurant. Ambience might not be the best but the food here is too good. We had the chicken tandoori and it was amazing. The Chicken Kolahpuri was 10/10. The service is quick. A must visit restaurant

Felt like home when we had the surmai fry here. Very good service, and the chicken was very tasty. I would recommend every goan staying in Pune to visit this restaurant. Had a great time 

Very good place. Great taste and reasonable price. Staff and service is very good. Quantity with quality. Very calm and quiet place for food. Non veg is very good. Must visit.

Pocket Friendly good for bachelors Good taste but the location is too bad hard to find ..................................

Food is very nice at reasonable prices, I enjoy having their different types of parathas, rice items and curries. The taste is similar as you would find on streets of Delhi, although not at par with it. Their seating is basic and is good for quick meals, I usually prefer home deliveries which is quick and well packaged.

It's a typical value for money restaurant situated in Vishrantwadi.The place is known for Parathas and boy there were good ! The parathas are huge and are served with onions,curd and a spoon of butter.The service is super fast and the parathas were hot which enhanced their taste.The pricing is decent since one paratha is sufficient to satisfy your belly.  My rating: Food - 4/5 Service - 3.5/5 Ambiance - 2/5 Value for money - 4/5

While roaming around in Viman Nagar being a fond of North Indian food, thought of trying Delhi Chat House once and it was worth the visit!  Food: We tried the Paneer Paratha first, it was really good, I have tried it at a lot of places and they put very little paneer and more of the flour base but was delighted to see that they cooked it really well and there was a lot of Paneer inside it.   The Veg Thali was also really good and had pretty much everything, we wanted to order the better one fro...

My friends took me to this place and while on the way they couldn't shut up but praise this place. My expectations obviously rose and to my surprise the food that the restaurant served was really upto my expectations... We ordered 2 veg thalis and one aloo parantha..I had that parantha and it was really really good, big in size and made from pure aata(flour). The veg thalis were equally good too. The staff was polite. Specially the guy named "Devender" who was serving us, around 22 years old, a ...

Pretty basic drinking place. Same old chicken chilli like dishes and same north indian dishes in shetty style :)

I visisted this place considering the recommendation from the site of the cocktail pitcher being available. After i visited the place the picther was not available. Drinks were priced OK and the the dish which we tried was also fine.

I have always had lassi from this place. Later, I dined here on a number of occasions. Very fulfilling and the food quantity they give is pretty huge enough for you to finish. I enjoyed this place. A little cramped up sitting area but good enough for the place. Pocket friendly too.

Punjabi dhaba..... staying in viman nagar becomes easy... With the delicious food they serve quantity tooo... With lots of feasibility nd pocket friendliness...

Good and cheap option near to home. I like the parathas they serve, makes a nice breakfast. But the chhole is something that didn't impress me.  Home delivery option would be better because it doesn't have a large place to dine in the peak evening hours. Although it serves at a good price, there is a lot of room for improvement and the management must evolve to look forward to it.

Food - YummyPrice - Reasonable (infact cheaper)Service - Quick This place serves food which tastes like ghar ka khana. Veg or non veg dishes, all are yummy.Best - Aloo Gobi Masala, Chicken Butter Masala, Jeera Rice and Boondi Raita ?

What to say about this place!!! I keep coming to this place periodically...as this very the best nearest place available for lunch from the office!!!  let's start from starters... Chicken tikka.... 3.5/5... a bit dry chicken .. mushroom tikka is the best starter I ever had....little bit spicy..but refreshes your taste buds... :-P   In main course, chicken masala is good..a different taste than normal red gravy..  in desserts, One must have ' The Kheer' which is most lovable dish..  and last not ...

Taste was really nice and Chicken was perfectly cooked. Quantity was good. ....so we started ordering it on every Friday now....And the Quantity they serve is above the expectations even price is reasonable.....we ordered it in viman nagar pune location which is actually far from kothrud but still he provide it on time on evry friday....

Yesterday ordered Butter Chicken Boneless(Half) and Masala Chicken Lollipop(Half)...this was my first order from them...And I must say both the dishes was awesome..And the Quantity they serve is above the expectations..Surely gonna try other dishes specially biryani from them next time..

On Friday we ordered half kg Chicken dum biryani from this place.  Received order after 55mns so was a bit angry.  Taste was really nice and upto the mark. Chicken was perfectly cooked. Quantity was good.

Awesome biryani at a reasonable price. The quantity n quality both are very good. The ch bhuna and other gravies also definitely worth a try. Friendly staff and great service.

I Had dinner here...Tandoori Chicken plus Beer combo was awesome and then Dum biryani auhh...delicious   Overall the food and ambience is Good!! I lovE iT

This place is a sophisticated of bar's around the city. The food is really ok types and not the kind which we expect by the looks of the place. It is never crowded. This explains the reason why the service is slow. Although the food is kind of OK the garlic roti is really good. Parking is only available during late evenings. Really not worth the cost.

This place is a better version of the typical bars we have across pune.  Food- Food here tastes really good. Try anything from continental to Mughlai they make it worth the wait. Also try their desserts . specially the fried ice cream with chocolate sauce.  Ambience-  Completely air-conditioned they have fresh and lavish interiors similar to what you have at your place. The seating place is very spacious and comfortable. They have another level on the next floor with similar type of seating.   ...

The pizza was awesome.... one of my friend recommended this new place called Oliva in Vile Parle and I visited there with a couple of friends we enjoy alot ..we will definitely visit again.... Love u oliva.....

Right on Karve road after paud phata opposite Yatri Hotel it is a part of Hotel Sadanand Residency it looks very old and a urgent makeover needed . Well Kothrud has a lot of restaurants so visited but it was Waste of Time and efforts food is ordinary and the interior with dim lights give a negative feeling also. They have a valet parking which is nice . Ok Ok place..

Been to this place for lunch... they have a very cozy but nicely done A/C section for families and for those who sweat a lot after eating spicy food. I loved the seating arrangement. You have to fold your legs and sit traditional style.   I had ordered  Mutton masala - good Warhadi taste, 6-7 medium pieces of nicely cooked mutton Bhakri- huge in size...would have tasted better if served hot Chapati- again, huge in size.. good quality wheat was used Solkadhi- needs improvement but had the perfect...

Best lasagne in pune. Good quantity and great taste.  Not a lot of cooks can prepare a good lasagne. Close to Italian cooks.

I can only comment on delivery as I haven't visited, but after eating the pizzas from here(i ordered 2 different ones- pizza ai fungi and pizza bombay ) I don't feel it's up to par. Mediocre oily pizzas with the toppings stingily sprinkled on top(increase the prices a bit if you can't afford to place the toppings you tout on your pizzas). Sun dried tomatoes on the pizza tasted like pickled tomatoes....Some points are due to them for using actual fresh tomato sauce and not just some local brand.O...

really nice place to have Italian cuisine. Ambiance is good. dining area is above kitchen area so every one gets good privacy for chats. ;)  Should try Pastas amazing. yummmy.......  They also accept credit cards... so no need of cash folks offers running once in month through snapdeal. keep checking.   enjoy La Italian Slice.

La Italian Slice has very nice, authentic food. Favorites are pasta barbaresca and main course pollo panna e funghi. Cost is efficient for the quality of food served. Must visit as a lot of exciting offers are going on. We enjoyed our meal a lot.

It's the food junction and serve with best dishes at reasonable price.i eat daily here and love the food.i really like the special thali there hope it help

This Place is good for budgeted people. It also serves regular menu such as Dosas , Aloo paratha, Indian Main course , Noodles , etc .  My friends love Dal-tadka made here. I had two-three times dinner with my friends here.  The Costs for two will not go beyond 250 if you order according to la carte.

Thus place is located on the junction next to Aga khan palace, nr.copper chocs. A normal Street joint with some delicious snacks. Their Misal pav was spicy and authentic. Being a street joint they still are consious about hygeine. I'd asked for an extra pav, and the guy gave it to me using a holder rather than his hand.!

Place is small , having range from breakfast to dinner , their food is not extraordinary just good food,service is fine,value for money is pocket friendly,ambiance is not at such , just eat your food and go its just that simple !!  Over all 3 for me .

After spending early morning Sunday time at #Happystreets event conducted by TOI at Kalyani Nagar, we thought of having breakfast on the way itself. A little further, noticed this food outlet. Though initially thought of skipping it but then after observing zomato sticker went inside to satisfy morning hunger. Post scanning menu, ordered Misal pav & Cheese plain dosa. Our kid appreciated his dosa that we got tempted to taste it. Really was nice. (Sad that could not properly grab it's pic as kid ...

I personally prefer this restaurant on Saturday Nd Sundays when my budget is low!! Paneer 65 masala and Pav bhaji are speciality of this restaurant . Just go for it!

One of my favorite place, its a veg restaurant, you will get very good taste at a reasonable price. Garlic naan and mushroom masala is my favorite.

Descent restaurant with descent food, service, ambience and management. OK OK kind of food joint in kothrud area. Little bit of costly. Can try if you don't have any option.

Went in the evening when I was visiting my father's office near by and was waiting for him to finish his work. I was bored so visited this restaurant and other important reason was a dire need of a washroom . Ordered a cold coffee. It was average nothing great. Certainly not worth of 60 bucks. Anyways it proved to be a good time passer. Place was not so crowded.   Seems an average restaurant. Maybe good for tea and coffee and occasional snacks either in morning or evening.

My favorite place for North Indian veg food. Really inexpensive and delicious curries, the best naan I have ever had (absolutely not chewy, but soft) and huge quantities of dishes. Ambience very basic, but clean. A late 90s style place. So if all you care about is tasty and inexpensive food without too much wait and crowd, definitely a must go place!

Amazing place , amazing food , decent price range , butter chicken is to die for !! Also try their new steamed chicken starter .. And also Chinese bhel ..

Right place if u want to sip ur whisky calmly wit less noise n disturbance. We went for a birthday party n wer amazed to find d ac section full empty n offered to us only. Chinese starters r gud. Just d way u get in other bars but much better n clean. All n all good place

Best food quality of any chicken. Really good place. Visiting this place since 7-8 year. Spring rolls, tandoori chicken, butter chicken are really good. Quiet place. Drinks rate are average.

Surely the name 'The Raj' sounds funny but there is nothing funny about the place, its a good place for people who want to spend the evening in a quiet bar with or without their friends, it's one of the oldest bar in this area and the prices are reasonable if we compare them with other bars like 'Kalinga' or places like that, the food quality is good. I have been there many times with my friends and we always prefer the place when we want to hang out in a quiet place with a glass of beer in our ...

just visited three days before. The total time spending and well communicating place had great time over there... chicken quality is good even veg starters are good and about tandoor its really very good just this hotel should improve there staff's cause some of them really dont know about what is in menu and they don't know much things.. so u just have to look in menu only if u ask what is special even they don't know about it... but place for apend littile time its awrsome

It was the best Chinese dish I ever had. I had Pan fried chicken Noodles. It was so yummy and tasty that I want to have the same in breakfast lunch and dinner. Quantity is very good compared to price

One of the most preferred place to have Chinese food. Good quality and quantity for a reasonable price.Never disappointed me, must try out atleast once!

Chindian, Chinese cuisine but with Indian touch which we get here. Indian Chinese is way different than authentic Chinese cuisine but we Indians love what we do. Second thing when Chinese comes in our mind we imagine a Chinese restaurant running by Chinese or Manipuri people but golden dragon  is an exception over here. It's a popular and successful Chinese restaurant running by local Marathi guy.   Golden dragon is exactly opposite side of closed kirloskar company on kothrud or just 100 meter a...

A pocket friendly and nice place to have chinese food. Other than the ambiance the place gets a thumbs up for everything. We ordered several things and every food item tasted good enough and was way above average. Will surely like to visit again.

Overall it is a good experience. Food is not extraordinary but definitely worth a try! The starters are better than the rest of the menu. Shezwan rice is hot and spicy, just how I like it. The staff is courteous, but service could be improved. Ambience is alright, nothing worth mentioning. I would recommend to all Indo-Chinese food lovers.

Have been here like more then 3 times.. I love chicken honey spicy dish.. Service is good.. Ambience is ok.. Staff is humble.. I think there should be an open seating now.. Since its crowed on weekends

Well this is the most authentic Chinese restaurant in Viman Nagar I found.   The look and feel of the restaurant will take you somewhere else... little China may be..   Food and service is good. I have Been here twice and had a tasteful experience.   Mouthwatering soups and starters will just make your day.   Chinese food... Then it's definitely Changs you must try!   Sayonara!

This is the best place for Chinese food in Pune ( at least for me). Everything on their menu is absolutely amazing. Their Golden Fried Prawns, Sai-woo chicken, Red Chilli Chicken in starters are delicious. This is just to name a few. I usually get food delivered to my place and it's ALWAYS on or before time. Not once has it been late and I've never had an issue with the food. The owner's and management are running this place beautifully. Two thumbs up!! Love Chang's! <3

Free Tibet Corner is a cozy little place at Shastrinagar. Menu is quite refreshing and all orders are fulfilled. You will never stumble upon a situation where any item in the menu is Not available. The staff is quite adept with  the menu and if you seem to be confused about the dish and they will describe it to you. they will also help you pick out what goes best with what.  The Schezwan fried chicken and Peking rice are my regular favourites here.  This is a place quite lives up to authenticit...

Very reasonable rates with great quantity of food. One dish is enough for two ppl. Small joint though but the taste is good. ppl near shastri Chowk can have free home delivery. Delivers food in like 15 to 20 Mins!

A very budget friendly Chinese corner. Taste is good prices are even better. This place also serves momos and Tandoori chicken. Home delivery is also available. If you are looking for a go to Chinese place this is it in Yerwada area.

A small joint for chinese food. Located at shastri nagar chowk. The only choice there to have a chinese pocket friendly food.  Been here for so many times. It is good when u are hungry, craving for chinese and not expecting any hi-fi sitting and location. Dishes which we had - Chicken Tandoori Chicken masala lollypop Veg spring roll Chicken noodles Chicken chowmein All the soups in nonveg :) Chicken fried rice.  These are all which I order repetedly everytime i go there.  Food 3/5 Service 3/5 Pr...

Good taste, I order Egg biryani, it was quite good .!! Not too much of oil , taste was even .!! Also if you want , you can go for chicken lollypop .! Overall 

Pretty pricey-- more than Baba's. The food's the same , however you can try their chicken tikka Masala handi. Apparently it's way better than the regular chicken handi. Also, their chicken biryani is a prime time disaster.

I visited this place on Friday the 4th of december. A decent place with a decent ambience. A real competitive step to take with the famous Abhishek Hotel being its neighbour. Well nevertheless the smiling faces of two beautiful ladies greet you as you enter the hotel. We did not get a chance to try the parathas made by the owner herself. We took to eating the chinese starting with the crispy babycorn which was quite good but maybe could have been a little better. The coating for the babycorn was...

Last December with friends Visited this restaurant, Food is good as compared to price, parking is not available , service is good (best part), must try :- Dry Manchurian. Overall 2.5/5 must try with friends

Have been observing this place for the past week or so. It seems to have been shut down for good. Phones are going unanswered. Please check out before planning.

Been ordering from this place for last 1 year. The food never lets u down. The best part of the food here is its always fresh and hot. I mostly prefer home delivery as stay close by, so delivery time is approximately 20 minutes. A total VFM is all d aspects except d ambience. It's d only bummer in d deal but considering d price u pay, u can give it a pass. Must order Masala dry lollipop,chicken schezwan noodles, chicken biryani boneless and butter chicken.

We had a lunch here today. Everyone of us liked the taste of food very much. And prices are quite reasonable too. Good one. Must try. Recommendable.

Food is good. Prices are worth. Not for very big team if planning for dining out or else you need to sit out.  Over all good experience.

Had my lunch a week here. The preparation is good with low prices. The service is good. Tried the Chinese too much it was just ok. North Indian food is good

Nice ambience and a nice place to hangout near my college... Staff is nice and friendly

Paneer noodles roll. Best among all. Coffee is also good, when there is nothing to eat and if u r confused, call yummy.

This is nice restaurant bar on Karishma bldg road. The food quality is good. Many drink options. The staff is polite. Ample place for seating. The ambiance is average.

Go there for the sole purpose of drinking and that too with male friends... Definetly not a place for family... One of the restaurants famous for cheap drinks.. Outside ambience is good as it's open air type but inside it's little bit creepy... Owner and manager is very co-operative (at least this is my experience)... Sometimes the service is poor due to non availability of enough staff... But overall good to enjoy a few drinks after hectic workday..  Cheers..

Okay place if you are low on cash but want to have a drink. They Good thing is they have quarter system and provide good amount complimentary snacks. Boys only place.

This is the #HOMEGROUND  Nothing more to say taste mein best rascals aur rest .... <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-229444" href="https://www.zomato.com/shaileshr007">Shailesh Rathod</a></span> <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-129001" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/shrenik-vijay-setiya-129001">Shrenik Vijay Setiya</a></span> <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-1823317" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/mayuresh-vaidya-1823317">Mayuresh Vaidya</a></span> <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-4541901" hr...

Go there with the sole purpose: drink at cheaper cost. outside it is okay arrangement. But inside you will not enjoy the meal.   Food is not great and even service is so so. Mainly it is a drinking joint and not recommended for women and family. Guys can visit for a peg or two.

amazing Italian food at the best rates and without any misappropriation on standards just love the place very comfortable and hygienic

I love Amore House Sandwich made up of  Artichoke, grilled Pepper, grilled Eggplant, Jalapeno & Cheese. I am regular at this place. - Dev

Dil Se Desi was one of the few places I had visited in my 1st week of my coming to Pune, and since then I am in love with this restaurant. Food: There are two things that I liked about the menu: 1)	The food itself (dhaba style) 2)	And the way every dish has an absolutely unique name (not to forget that they all seem to be coming from different parts of the country with that extra Punjabi tadka) Ambience: The first thing you notice about this place is the decor. This multi-cuisine restaurant is m...

Great continental food, great drinks, good ambience. Please take your date inside the AC room or upstairs. The restaurant is in a remote place so it is always calm and quite. Coriander Fish is a must try for fish lovers, it is off the menu BTW. Friendly staffs.

Bohemian has a very nice ambience and it's a well decorated place. Was disappointed with the menu as they have taken off all the Mediterranean, Spanish, European and not even Italian food is available now. Only Indian food is served. The taste of food was good and it was enjoyable to eat out in such a place. Would have given more rating if they had their previous menu. Still... its a very nice place to visit and have a good time...

The first thing that strikes you is the ambiance of the place . Its really done well and is appealing with a deck like porch to sit next to a view . We were a group of 4 and we ordered chicken , fish and veg dishes in the main course . The food is amazing . the cuisine is supposed to be Mediterranean and unusual . they serve drinks as well and their cocktails are very good esp the one with chocolate. Yum !   the service however is very slow and the day we went they had some issues  with electr...

Been going to this place since the day it started. It has always been a nice place to go to on a weekend. Location is just perfect. Not much has changed on its menu since the day it started. The menu is very limited, but the food is decent. Their specials of the day at times includes Pork Ribs & they are good. I would only like to see a more expansive menu. Even without it, I'm still a regular at this place.

I have been a frequent visitor in past. However after long time when i visited today i realized it is all degraded at oasis. Food ... Very average. Drinks many are not available. Service ... We were almost about to walk to reception to ask for someone to provide main course order. Food we ordered also was of average taste. In all it is moving towards getting more negative rankings in coming days.

Great place to be in with family and friends , great ambience, superb food, and value for money , great service and a great open space to spend 3-4 hours.. try non veg starters .  It is delicious@

Simply awesome place for any special occasion. Their ambience, food, quality of service everything is all good. Must try for team lunch or dinner...

Excellent ambience. Was very happy with the service,  Food and staff approach. Have been visiting this place for quite a few years now and everything is just the same. Excellent

Food is great.Ambience is osam.............. Overall i loved this place..The manager was very polite and gave proper assistance personally..gonna visit again fo sure!

Menus are limited but Quality is remarkable. In Limited budget You can afford quality flavor. Hyderabadi Chicken biryani ate many times .  Parathas, Punjabi Dishes and Biryani best place to order online.

If you are looking to fill your stomach in a limited budget then it's a decent place. You can get good quantity of food at much lesser price with no compromise on taste and quality.

I have never been to this place in person, but a friend of mine suggested that this place serves descent shahi biryani. One day for the team lunch, we have decided to have this shahi biryani for around 30 guys. The delivery guy was 15 minutes late than the decided time and told us that the extra decoration over the biryani took some time. (You can refer the picture to get the idea what decoration he was talking about).   When we open the lid, that delicious aroma of biryani was everywhere. We t...

We tried stuffed parathas and Veg Dum Biryani, taste was awesome.  I am one of the frequent visitor almost tried every Paratha, the hotel is small but taste and quality will make you happy for sure . Peshawari Paratha and Nav Ratan Paratha are best 

Average food with very less quantity for the price. Had ordered from Swiggy and the delivery was fast. I had called up the hotel and asked specifically for less Spicy food which was taken care to a large extent. The owner had called back to take the feedback on food which shows he means business. But alas the food was not upto the mark. Hope the food gets better.

When you are hungry but having less money in your pocket, don't worry. This place serves you delicious nd spicy food with a pocket friendly price. Must Try shev bhaji and baingan masala. It comes with very low price. But the quality they have maintained is awesome.  Ambience is ok ok. Food is good. Service is good. Must visit place.

There is nothing in this place.  Place was ok Food was ok   It's just like simple bar. But staff wins the heart. 4 star for the staff and them hospitality.  All the best to team. We love to come next time when we are in pune.   Keep it up

Hard to find a place which serves liquor in Nip system. Considering the location, this is one of the best place to have a couple of beers during month ends. The ambience is quite similar to permit rooms. Food served here is amazing, specially the "Chicken Choosy kabab" are fabulous. Must visit place for hard core non vegetarians!

This used to be our late night food and alcohol place in the bachelor days.  Last Sunday was visiting a around boat club road and realized that we were quite late for lunch anywhere else so decided to visit this place, and realized that I had not been here in almost 7-8 years now was excited about it too.  The place has two sections, one closed (family) and one open section.  We decided to sit outside for some fresh air.  With a couple of beers we ordered for mutton chilly fry as sheekh kebabs...

Ambience - Its a small eatery that can accommodate approx 25-30 people inside. There is air condition inside and open area outside that can seat another 40-50 people . Ambience is quite ordinary   Food - The food quality is good . We tried different type of soup which was nice and we enjoyed it   Service - Is good and okay  The place does not have parking available as it is on the main road hence it's advisable not to get your vehicle.

Awesome food..chicken burnt red chilly chicken  was too perfect . Must visit place for Chinese lovers......................................            

Delicious food n service...love it...1st time bt superb experience. ...hurring food cant stop to eat full on the board ..............vgood love dat

This is my 8th visit.   Nothing great but i like it.   Do visit if your looking little better Chinese food then then road side hotel.   That's it from my end.

Its kinda ohkay. The sheesha flavours are good but expensive. Ambience just about something that can be adjusted with. If you are utterly patient and calm in nature then the service here is excellent for you

We been here for many times. Best known for shisha. Good shishas available here (atleast at that time - these we haven't been there) Food is OK type. Lemon ice tea is good but peach ice tea how horrible. Not clean place and quite shady.

Bast place to hangout the food is good n its resalable to all do visit meet anna one of the staff member  best guy staff gives best service

A must for sheesha and food.. The menu is deceptively simple and the food is amazing.. The sheesha served here is one of the best in Pune with very friendly, prompt and fun staff.. Never a dull moment here.. A pocket friendly place to hang out with your friends and just have a good time for hours to come..  Definitely a place to come again and again and again...  Cheers for the good job guys.. Heartiest Kudos..

Not much to complain or appreciate about. Ordered a "Paneer Makhanwala" with naan and chaas.There was nothing special about the dish and looked pretty ordinary.                              Quality-3/5                                               Quantity-3/5                                                 Value for money-2/5

Veg is good really good but non veg is horrible don't ever try non veg....  I was like why did i took chicken dish for my meal....  Seriously not worth for non veg...

D place is small but d quality of food is awesome.. Felt like at home.. For all those who want to enjoy d proper lunch, this is d place of choice.   P.s. Would cost around 100-120 for a meal

I have given it 3 stars only because they have those board games to play while waiting for your food to come. Nice and cozy little joint but can barely say the same for the food.   Their burgers are normal. just about average and as far as the crepes are concerned. didnt like it too much. pretty darn bland. and really felt i paid a lot of money for something so ordinary.   even the ice tea wasnt up to mark and i felt i could make a better ice tea at home.  wouldnt go there again. unless im getti...

We were heading for a movie so had to had a quickie. This place has a good rating on zomato, so decided to try. Sunday afternoon, wasn't packed. Easily available table. We ordered Shahi paneer - which was more of a paneer bhurji marinated in medium spicy red gravy- decent taste.( total disappointed on expectation of shahi paneer) Butter naan was soft and didn't disappoint.  Overall, just an ordinary restaurant- doesn't leave you wanting more. They really need to buckle up.

You need that one restaurant in your vicinity from where you can order time and again when you are bored to cook yourself....This is that one restaurant for us....Price is low, food quality is good and quantity is great as well....Try their chicken patiala or chicken Makhanwala, as mentioned earlier they are my comfort food from here....Chinese isn't t all that great....

Hard to locate on the street of Koregaon Park, once u figure out and get in its a huge space within. Tented huge space well designed sofa couch for family or huge gang. Huge space on other side for good amount of people to accommodate. The service was fast and very good. The food was tasted delicious. The sholay kebab was well stuffed and tasty. Similarly the paneer chilly and veg lasoni. Costing within budget, we were 3 and it cost 1100/-. Good place to hang out.

Everything here tastes averagely good... Be it south Indian or Pavbhaji Be it any Punjabi dishes or dal Be it Chinese... Nothing here is not GOOD A must visit for family!!!

Visiting this restaurant from last 6 years,the quality of food is good. Malai Kofta served here is my all time favorite. Chinese served here is fresh.Value for money.

Amazing. Place . Oldest in Kothrud.. pure veg food like no other in the area .. this and kinara were the pioneers of the area long before the new ones popped up..

Been visiting them since many years. It's my favourite place for pav bhaji & tava pulao. Many of my friends have also become fans of their pav bhaji after I took them there.

Palavi has been around for several years. I remember having food here in 2003 when I stayed in Kothrud. The place retains it's old charm but food quality was much better earlier. Their thali though is pretty decent

Good for only biryani's ( chicken biryani , egg biryani and veg biryani ) and pocket friendly. Single plate is enough for two people's.  Don't go for chicken handi ever.

Prefer Vegetarian and hotels like these..They make good veg stuff..For Non Veg we have other good places in Kondhwa

The best mutton keema I ever had in my entire life was it this place. Reminded me of the dhabhas in Delhi. Heavenly food, shabby servicing and amazing biryani. The only complication the place creates is that there are stray cats wandering around at the dining area.

Best biryani in neighborhood  Snacks TEA is awesome ask for bum maska with tea or samosa  Dinner Chicken biryani (best 5/5) (must try) (1 full is enough for 2 normal person ) butter chicken and naan (4/5) chicken muglai and naan(4/5) Chiken tikka and naan(5/5)  veg food is also good ..  i was there for my Enginering BEst days of my life..

The  BEST  TEA  IN  TOWN..  Don't believe me, Try it ..                                                          *15 bucks is not a big deal

Cost, Quantity and taste are good. However their quality of oil used might not be that good especially their Paranthas. However budget everyday meal one can go for it.

You may not want to dine in as the place is not so great but food is definitely good... Nice for home delivery and economical too. Worth trying once.

food here is alr8 . Chicken fried rice is really good . order online is better coz the place is congested a lot and a bit dirty. never order a chicken biriyani if you have ever known the taste of a good one ( especially for south Indians). delivery is real fast

We are looking for light snacs in evening n have thought to go for Annapurna.... which turned out to be  correct decision n we like the final.... We have tried cheese masala dosa n cheese masoor dosa which were quite good to not let us dinner.  The taste of sambher was amazinly fresh, little sweet n spicy... dosa was well in shape n we grabbed it slowly due to hot service n cheese which was hot too.  Like the service n place. Can try this south indian range again n will try more.

Overall: not a place I would visit, but ok to order in once in a while... the food is decent though... typical low scale udupi... good if u want a quick bite and are low in the budget...  Food: decent Service and Ambiance: udupi restaurant, don't go there looking for ambiance and service Value for money: good for eating during month ends  Will I eat here again? probably, when I'm broke...

Has been eating from this restaurant for more than past 7 months. It's not the best out there but neither the worst. Quality of the food is quite good that can be found at a good price.

Biggest positive: value for money  Negative: a little small place  Recommended dish: paneer butter masala   Located close to armed forces medical college. There is car parking available in the complex region in which the restaurant. The place has been renovated from before. The place is clean, ambience is ordinary, space is a little less. The service is decent.   The food is good. Really liked their paneer butter masala gravy. Their naans and roti's are good too. The size of the portions is good...

This is not a place where you can go and chill at, parcel is the way to go. They serve up some pretty delicious stuff.   One of the few restaurants that serve awesome butter  chicken. Its difficult for me to get to try the other stuff coz whenever I think of this place its  for the butter chicken. Thier quantity is awesome.  Total paisa vasool.  The rating is mostly for the butter chicken.

If I have to eat veg food I always prefer having food at choice. We always Order parcel from choice. The taste of the food is great at a low cost.

It's a small place, but really good food. A good place for take aways too. Have just tried the North Indian food every time I've visited this place & it is delicious! Try having their chapati instead of the tandoor roti. Overall, it's a good place to saturate your appetite at less than Rs 200 per person.

The only veg hotel I ever loved, staff is very good, place is very small but cozy and clean, food is awesome, everyone must try paneer pulav and veg biryani,

Not sure how this place fares now - been here decade ago and they used to serve awesome pav bhaji. A regular family adda and used to simply relish the taste.

Good place with all the tasty dishes. Worth the prices and also a quick service. The panner chilly in starters and the paneer biryani is just awesome and has one of the best taste. Both quality and quantity are appropriate.

I have been here to this place few times with my friends ... An average-good hotel with tasty dishes at fair prices .. Situated in bibwewadi vicinty.. Its a good visit for a change from our daily ghar ka khanaa.. A 2.7-3 stars from me.. :-)

Fine place for dinning. Rooftop sitting available. Taste of food could be much better. Ordered 2 items for main course Dum aloo and Malai Kofta. Dum aloo was good but what disappointed us was Malai kofta. No flavours what so ever But captain was generous enough to get it replaced with a much better one in the second time. Overall fine experience. Ambiance could be much better.

The food is outstanding paneer bhurji, daal tadka , Pav Bhaji , juice to be my favorite I have been going to this place since I was a kid this place had decent ambience but as the place is old the ambience not all that great but the food is good you can anyway pick up a parcel

The go-to place for Parsi cuisine in Pune. Only for food please , not for ambience . We went on weekend, so there are some special items only available in weekend like dhansak and Patra fish. We ordered chicken farcha, patrani machchi, then of course mutton dhansak with sali ( potato crispiest finger fries) . All of these washed down with Ardeshir farm soda. Then of course laganu custard in the end as dessert. No air conditioning so avoid summer daytime as with hot food , it becomes really sweat...

Usually part of my snack walk in the camp area. Super famous for the Chicken and Mutton Cutlets that are available over the weekends. The chicken egg curry is a delight too.

Okay so this place hardly needs any introduction or any reviews to throw light on what they serve. It is one of the legendary places in Pune.   I finally made it to this place and tried almost everything. From biryani to farchas to kheema and what not.   And their custard is to die for <3   A must visit place.   #HighlyRecommended

A small place for a quick bite a good place for fish lovers shrimps, fish fingers or patty are nice and juicy but most of the dishes are fried with puts a limit on having items at fishtro its a self service joint staff is friendly n will help u choose whats good, prices are fair.

Oh ho ho.......Alto Vino_ Thanks for best ever fooding experience... Especially your pasta (penne alla vodka) and Ricotta Spinachi pizza's special.....yummy..... they put a lot of care in their cooking,ambience was awesome....every thing was perfect and well organised....will happy to visit again....

I really liked the food in JW Marriott Pune. There is something so organized, neat, and methodical about it. They put a lot of care and quality into their cooking. I love Italian food, because the cuisines borrow influences from all over the world. I tried Gamberi, acciughe, salsa ai pomodorini .... i can't express in words . The prawn was melted in my  mouth. Great taste, ambience was amazing. Will visit again.

I had heard about this place few times so finally I took a visit here for dinner. Being a restaurant in 5 star hotel,it has very good ambience.The place is very well decorated.The restaurant is specially for Italian foodies who want a fine dining experience.Coming to the food,the main focused Italian food,pasta and thin crust pizzas are extremely good in taste. The staff is extremely helpful and offers a quality service. This place is must visit for everyone.

Last year in Pune....in Alto vino it was really awesome treat by my bestfriend...delicious pizza with italian drinks,ambience ... Everything was so perfect..  It's perfect restaurant to enjoy the italian food in italy's environment..just perfect

Best ever Italian food in my life....especially that pasta and tiramisu ...yummy, after finishing also I was just enjoying the taste in my mouth...Ambience is amazing..so comfortable and spacious rooms were there...and the best part was service..loved everything..Alto vino..thanks for making my date awesome.

Spice Kitchen has become on of our main stays as an expat family.   While all of their food is fantastic - one must try the breakfast buffet - the surprise star here is their pizza oven and the skill with which they put it to use.  They have, hands down, the best thin crust pizza in Pune, which we can say after trying well over 20 other locations.   Their pepperoni pizza is especially fine, and has become a regular take home favorite for us.    Of course one cannot have a complete review of ...

Good place for brunches and buffets for family and friends. Food quality very good. Buffet options very good. Good service by staff. Dont miss out the cocktails and if you don't find something you like, just ask the bartender who is more than happy to delight you.  Overall good I just hope they could expand a little bit as it may feel crowded due to a lot of people coming to enjoy the buffet.

Had the most amazing Paan Icecream dessert at the Spice Kitchen today - it was served under a caramel sesame florentine and served with a dollar size wafer thin dark chocolate - the ice cream was delicious and had an explosion  of gulakand and saunf as you bit into it - truly something magnificent and worth trying out - 

Stayed at the hotel for a couple of days and had a buffet here. Was really impressed by the spread of the buffet. Everything from fruits to full dishes was really high quality. We also had breakfast here at the hotel and it was really great. Service was really quick. A truly professional approach which gives you worth for your money.

Everything was just perfect. The live band The ambience And the food  The captain  and waiters are very courteous and try their best to help you. Special thanks to chef Rajan to make our meal memorable.  Try their sweet and succulent butter chicken

We went to Shakahari for a family function, it was our first visit so we were confused about what to order, then we met head chef Mr. Vivek Sutar.. He helped us Select the dishes from the menu and made some customized dishes for specially for us. Pineapple paneer starter, and mushroom starter which were out of the menu but he made it specially for us.. I he also ordered exquisite paan ice cream for us as dessert.. The dessert buffet in Shakahari is delight to ur eyes and treat for your taste bud...

Went for a leisurely dinner at Shakahari around 7. 30 pm on our wedding anniversary. Chose to sit in the balcony and had the whole area to ourselves till around 8,30 pm.  Enjoyed the ambiance and candle light dinner.  Once the manager found out it was our anniversary they gave us complimentary drinks (Non - alcoholic) and a small pastry with happy anniversary message.     One dedicated staff attending to our needs. Excellent buffet with wide variety of choice in starters and salads. Soup was...

Cost: For a buffet for 5, we paid  6K (excluding 3 mineral water bottles and 1 aerated beverage). So with taxes it was roughly 1200/person.   A great place with amazing ambience and really good food!  The buffet exhibits a good variety and encompasses almost everything. The desserts weren't that great, sadly. Desserts are one thing I look for the first at a buffet! The staff was warm and made sure we enjoy our meal. :D But guys, a 30Rs. Pepsi can for 220! I mean that's pushing it!   The Manag...

Heavenly food, very good service n decor of course. just what i wanted. pakvaans from all over rajasthan mevar,marvar and shekhavati. Made with rajasthani spices Awesome starters, pickles probably you might havent tested, best daal, bati, choorma you can get in whole pune(restaurant also serves maharashtrian food), gatte, bharvaan bhindi, sangri and rajasthani deserts so good that you could still make room for them,Please visit once.

It's a nice place. Food was good too, specially the desserts. I loved that dal makhni. The staff is very polite and courteous.They make you feel welcomed.decor is obviously good.they lived upto my expectations. All in all a nice experience .

Paasha.. Known for it's view and dal paasha.. Unfortunately I couldn't dare to have main course after starters.  Starters were a blunder! Paneer tikka.. very average! Also, aaloo nazakat me koi khas nazakat nhi thi..  While, it was being served, the waitress accidentally dropped one of the serving. We were told that we will be provided with a new serving (one piece that fell) which never came. In drinks, we had cocktails that were really bland except manhattan which was quite strong. Staff was c...

I went on 1st January for a romantic dinner. We had chicken starters and then a good ride meal.  The serving and ambience is excellent. View from 24th floor is exagarattingly beautiful.

Good Ambience and  nice place to have a lovely evening. Food is good but service is too slow. You have to ask for multiple times to get one order served. On the basis of service this place is one of the worst.

The place is really good ,great ambience & the service is great.The view of the Pune city at night from the 24th floor surely captures the best scenes of the bust city &is a treat to the eyes

Had a lovely experience with my girlfriend out there. The ambience is really satisfying and romantic. The staff is so welcoming and courteous. Try the chapli kebab. The authentic taste of mutton simply melts in the mouth. And the aaloo nazaqat was also great in taste. In main course, try the Daal Pasha. It is a must and it completely prove its designation of signature dish. However, I felt that taftan was a little dry. That could have been much tastier as I have tried it on other places as well.

Well this coffee joint is based in Marriott. I don't think really need mention to anything further. The outside area makes feel u relax. Good ambiance with great hospitality.

No doubt it's a peaceful place to chill in the morng...but I am a foodie and won't be impressed by just good looks..have tried their  Drinks - vitamin C,watermelon , pineapple juice   Coffee - moca Pastry - some dark chocolate cake   Nothing of which was expectational , must say the place has very limited to offer and is over hyped , I would prefer any other cafe on SB road over this.

After so many recommendations I gave this place a visit. Well, my experience here was not so astonishing. I find this place a bit overrated because of being inside JW-Marriott. I tried some PBC special coffee, they do serve a complimentary cookie at least. A better coffee can be guzzled up at many other coffee joints. The prices here are obviously on a higher side. The interior and ambiance of the PBC is so poise and uptown. They have definitely spent lavishly for the same. The lights are perf...

Thanks dear chef.. for the yummy chocolate chip moose cake!! it was just amazing.. loved the melted moose...crunchy base.. choco flowers... it was not at all like a normal cake. It made my day really special. Perfect for chocolate lovers!! <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-34648013" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/abhishek-sharma-34648013">Abhishek Sharma</a></span> Thanks fr the cake!!

They make class pastries i just love them. Ambience is great classy and cozy at the same time. And this place is getting famous day by day. The pastries look so nice that you will have a thought weather to eat or admire. In love with dark chocolate and orange pastries 

I visited on a Saturday night and to my dismay- it was a Bollywood night.  The place is good to hang out at but the drinks are costly. It gets way too crowded at weekends and so, I probably won't be visiting any time soon enough.  Loved the crowd and the ambiance.

Went to Mi-a-Mi for d first time and had an aweful experience......They had a band performance planned on d day we went which they told us before we entered but also said that DJ will start around 11:30 pm. We waiting till 12:30 but after band performance DJ played very boring music and no one was interested to dance in d crowd....Also the finger  food options are very less ...They had limited Cocktails and only 2 mocktails ....Which were average in taste. Only good thing in food was fries. They...

Best Pub to be in Pune....  1. Impressive DJ everytime you visit.. Already went 8-9 times,  never disappointed..  2. Great Management response   3.Unbeatable Ambience  Highly recommend!!!

A place every party lover must visit. The ambience is good, the DJ is good. The hardcore party place in Pune. A place to hang out with the friends

This place is super cool !  Make sure you have enough money in your pockets so that you could drink . A peg is gonna cost you 900 bucks .  Ambience is awesome and the crowd was fantastic .

Loved Asian food... If your are a Asian food lover Theo's is the place for you...and free wifi is just cheery on top!!! Best place for Brunch, snake, breakfast and for desert!! Specially you can have delicious Korean desert over here.

My friend introduced m to this place and wow god bless. Him coz some of the soups and dishes are super good... Mumbai too needs such place.. anyone looking for a franchisee well surely cafe peterdonuts makes for a good choice !

I came here to taste the Snow Bingsu. Loved it! So many different flavours to choose from. They were light and refreshing. A must try for the summer season. My favorite was the coffee bingsu.

Me and my girlfriend had been looking for a place to eat one evening and while passing by Gaikwad Petrol Pump we came upon Cafe Peter Donuts.. Now I have seen this place on numerous occasions and never once been tempted to go in, mostly coz of it's proximity to the petrol pump and an inner voice telling me it would not be worth the value.. However, these guys definitely made me eat my thoughts, which was easy as I had not proclaimed them in front of the entire world.. So the entrance seemed a bi...

Picked up a Chocolate and Blueberry muffin along with a Chicken Sausage savoury treat the other day and honestly it was very average.  The Blueberry muffin tastes very synthetic , it was soft nonetheless. The Chocolate muffin too had great texture, but didn't wow with the taste! The chicken savory on the other hand was just ketchup and chicken- not too my taste at all.  Also- i was about to get a slice of cheesecake and it's so expensive. Rs 250 bucks a slice! Whew, that's some pricey stuff!

Its a  really cute bakery and everything it serves is heavenly. we tried quite a few items and they were all really fresh,moist and perfect. One of the best cheesecakes I've ever had.

This is the best place to have muffins !! This place is located in koregaon park near Osho Ashram. They serve a variety of desserts and bakery items. I had a chocolate muffin which was truly amazing ( the muffins were exactly the same taste as we get in Europe coffee shops ). I liked the muffins so much, I packed a dozen muffins to give it to my friends in Mumbai. The prices are steep but the quality of food justifies the high price. Overall a WOW place !!

This is a great dessert place in kp. Serves  wonderful muffins and desserts here. Would love to visit soon and try remaining desserts they offer.

Date Visited: 11th May 2016  My wife surprised me with a cake from London Muffin on my birthday. She got the Step To Heaven cake. It has multiple layers of soft chocolate and moist cake topped off with white chocolate shavings. Truly Heavenly!

The ambience of this place is so so. But the food won't disappoint you. There's a kokum drink which has a nice hint of garlic which is served to you as a welcome drink. I really liked it and I was craving for more. I hope they serve this throughout the meal if wanted.  The first time I visited we ordered for a fish thaali and bombil fry. The food here is really tasty. nd the bomil fry is to die for!!! So crispy! Ud never imagine you're eating Bombay duck. Iv come here twice or thrice and have or...

Nice preparation of fish loved it.... even mutton curry n prawns masala was too gud...promfret pedawan was also gud in taste still so mny things yet to try..

This place had been on my wishlist for a long time. I ordered a chicken thaali and a veg thaali a few days back. The delivery is quick. The food was slightly warm when it arrived.  Chicken Thaali- The Mangalorean chicken was perfect. I have a lot of friends from the Bunt community and I can say with confidence that the chicken is the SAME as they cook, probably even better since Fish Curry Rice has a smoother gravy. The Malwani Chicken rassa was sad. It had slightly uncooked masala which was no...

The Seafood Binge Continues... Fish Curry Rice!!  We had, had seafood just a day back (please check the review posted before this one at my blog) but for some reason iss dil ne maanga more hence, yet again, we honed in on a seafood restaurant for dinner. This time we opted for Fish Curry Rice.   I messaged Sandesh, the owner of FCR, who guided me to their online ordering website and very patiently and politely answered the many, many questions I asked while placing my order.   The dishes I...

Chocolate room is conveniently located on main road. Parking a 4 wheeler sometimes poses a problem. In evenings a good collection of bollywood songs is played in the background. The staff ensures you get enough time to relax unwind and enjoy your dessert.  I visit the place to eat sizzling brownie with ice cream. It is too good. One just cant get enough of it. In my view it is a good option for dessert available in Aundh.

Specially went this place to have cheese nachos but it wasn't available, no sandwiches were their too.. finally ordered cheesy garlic bread it was nice too cheesy.... place was too small... and it wasn't giving a feeling of The Chocolate Room tag.... it was looking as a normal small local cafe...

Just hop in for sweet craving..its a small place with 4-5 tables...the ambiance was good... ordered an Expresso shot after longgggg tym which is my all tym fav and i luved it, perfectly brewed the way i like... the brownie was soft n yumm...the cookie was not so impressive was hard to break but taste was good... service was quick....

Heaven on earth.. never misses to amuse me.. this is one stop shop for chocolate lovers.. crazy desserts and huge portions. Not at all pricey but great quality. Will definitely satisfy your tastebuds and cravings. Must try- chocolate Lava lava..

The make good pocket friendly theme fondue cake and try the red velvet pastry . It's a good mood changer in a great way . The staffs are friendly and helpful and they deliver order in time .

Not as expensive as Domino's and still have better Pizza than them. By better I mean they were better than Domino's pizza and not better overall. The chicken wings were bit overcooked with hell lot of grease on them. Although there was a foul smell to them. It was my first time trying bacon. And let me tell you it was pathetic. If this is how bacon tastes like then I'm terribly disappointed. The only good thing was that my order was delievered within 20 minutes. So I'm giving an extra point for ...

Good nice and fast.

Pizza here are good with thin crust base and little cheese on top.... I go to this place only when I 'm not in mood of eating in Pizza hut or dominos...

I love this place specially for three main reasons :    1: They serve good drinks / frappes / soft drinks.  2: The sitting arrangement is super comfy.  3: You can sit for as long as you want.  The serving time is super slow but then it's justified as they don't make you leave the place once you are done with eating/ drinking whatever you have ordered.   The drinks/ frappes are good in quantity and decent in taste but the snacks you order might not be enough for you. They are little less in quant...

To be honest , the name Kahwa and a deep fascination for Kashmiri culture and cuisine has always attracted me to this place. Kahwa is the Urdu word for traditional green tea preparation consumed in the Kashmir valley. Don't get your hopes high as this place doesn't live up to the expectation. A very envious location on Karve road right after the Paud Phata. Ample parking space available.  Ambiance: Comfortable chairs and table. Simple arrangement. Dim yellow light. Couple of  very beautiful pain...

.I had heard a lot about it...so I decided to give it a try...n yes it was gud..the service was..uhm..fine but the drinks were gud...I was kinda surprised tht it wuld turn out to b gud..I didn't thnk that..but it surely needs to improve its ambience n mayb give a bit of touch up to its service...

I have tried most of the thick shakes here. The ambience is not that good but that doesn't change the fact that everything they serve is up to the standard. I would recommend you to try the tender coconut thick shake and anjeer shake. Both tasted awesome.

Enjoyed white chokolade , CAD B and szling brownie.. as always it tasted awesome.. I came here every week.. the thing i got confused is the quantity nd rates for med and large..

If you have a sweet tooth, definitely have the CAD B & CAD M here! CAD B has more chocolate and CAD M is a little more milky.... the first ever branch was in Kothrud, been having this once in a while since years... the quality has been maintained throughout! They have introduced sandwiches and pizzas too, haven't trie fit personally yet but I've heard they are good too!

Well it's conveniently located on the main road and the cad's are the best ... Tired d Belgian chocolate today ... A lil too bitter but being a chocolate lover no complains.. seating area is a bit small but if u want some privacy u can always head upstairs they have a lil cozy space there

Ok so everyone likes chocolates .. Cad m and cad b became famous for a reason but now adding variations it seems doesn't do trick   Ordered the Belgian chocolate and the ferrorocher .. I assumed it was cad m and cad b variations but it is the same thing no sizeable difference in either .. Not bad but not great

Famous place for Cad'B and very known these days .. Good enough open area to spend time with friends and much their snacks and shakes ..   We tried their brownie Chocolade and it was good (like every other place) . I see they have increased the prices in recent last few months by a good margin..

Let's start with the good things or rather thing it is that it is CAD-B/M who doesn't like it!! But the place is really small congested ,no air conditioner, and the place is really unhygienic. And the costs are quite high as compared to the quantity and service. My friend ordered a coffee which is for 60/- it is just a cup of Nescafe and when they gave the first cup it had something in it. So recommend for people who don't care too much about hygiene!!

Their expertise in Cab B make them stand apart from other Cad B places. They have a long menu but I always prefer to go for Cad B.  Service is good.

Cafe chokolade has become quite a big brand in market today. They had started with the famous cad-b and now they have an huge menu to choose from. This outlet is one of the oldest shops in gangadham khau galli, i've been a regular customer of this outlet for 5years now.  Its a heaven for chocolate lovers as they have cad-b, varieties of cad-b and sizzling brownie with ice cream- my new favourite dish after cad-b and cad-m! They have 2 seating arrangements. If your with your girl/guy then go stra...

So wanna have something refreshing yummy and Delicious.....Try brownie or caramel chokolate  Something you would like to die for....ice cream brownie...ice cream...brownie...layers on layers and yummlicious too......

Same as all the chokolade outlet! But as the shop is in the complex where u get so many other good things! U may feel good in the evening to be here! Tried the Ferraro shake! Nuts shake and one more! All were good! Yes Choco chip shake!

I have been to this outlet many times. Cad-B is more chocolaty than Cad-M. The chocolate shots are good. The chocolate sandwich was hot therefore making the chocolate stick to my teeth, so be careful.

Good place for shakes and brownie. Can improve on there sitting arrangement. But still I can be there to have yummy mouthwatering shakes and ice creams.

Cafe Chokolade of Aundh is located opposite Seasons Hotel. It's a small joint and I dint like ambience of this Chokolade as sitting place is bit congested, no AC like FC Road Outlet and there were lot of mosquitoes around which was bit irritating. We took Day n Night Chokolade which is my favourite and have never disappointed me also we tried Cad B which was also good. So if they could improve bit on ambience it will be very good place to hangout.

Cad B is delicious...Sand witch is also nice...but when we ordered online the Cad B they delivered was bad, It was not thick. The delivery system is also not good. Very late delivery. But, When one go and eat their, It is good. home delivery is not recommended.

Cad B and Cad M are one of a kind, at least in Pune. For that reason alone, it's worth a visit. Nothing much in terms of ambience, or other options.

Go and have the Cad B or Cad M and the sizzling chocolate brownie, once you're done with your dinner. That's what we used to do. Prices are decent. Seating space is limited. Eye candy at night is the added bonus. :-P

Awsm n always love to be here .. Makes up my morning sunday blissfull  Nice outlet ...hot n warmly served.. Must visit this.. Better than its other oulets around..

It's my second time visit..I order sizzling brownie with icecream and mango fruitshake..taste was very good but the time they took to serve our order was nearly 30 times..I saw tht guy was just sitting for 15 min and only after asking him he started preparing..very busy watching cricket match.

Love the thickshakes and cab b here....its a small place but the owners are lovely...its a students hub this place and is popular rightly so....always filled with people during the night....

Must try oreo cadb and Ferrero too and brownie. Not much big but have outside seating with chairs and a small table.They serve french fries and sandwiches too.

The Thickshakes and Chokolades Shakes here are just awesome! I love the White Chokolade,Oreo Chokolade, Kitkat Chokolade, and Vanila Thickshakes are awesome <3  The snacks are good too :-)  The seating is a bit problematic so I usually prefer take-aways!

Been there... With my friends... Enjoyed a lot!! We all are chocolate lovers!! I especially crave for chocolate.... Dats why u see... I loved this place... There's chocolate even in its name!! Now talking about what tastes awesome.... Brownie chocolade was worth... Den sizzling brownie wid ice cream just took on my taste buds!! N in maggi... Cheese plain maggi was nice... Had a nice outing... N enjoyed thoroughly.. While putting on weight... That doesnt matter any way... Thats it!!

Cakes are fresh, but for such a location usually they don't keep as many flavors as it should have been! But the stocks always remains clean. The staff doesn't provide a clear description of the ingredients. The only good option available at that location.

Sweet mysteries is the new invention i would say invented by cafe chocolade. New sweet dish found tastier yummy nd delicious. One can try nd mark my words u will find it worth .

Cheese grilled sandwich - 9/10 (Really yummy) Hot coffee - 8/10 Cold coffee - 9/10 Quantity of the coffees when compared to the charges - 6/10 Hospitality and experience - Had been here with my friends last week. Was waiting for a friend whose birthday was supposed to be celebrated. Meanwhile he reached, we were asked 3 times what we would like to order. I told him politely that boss can't order unless everyone arrives. Felt bad because all the other tables were empty. We would have definitely r...

Nice place to hangout. The ceiling on the upper floor is too low. It is same as other cafe chocolade outlets. Nothing new here. Taste is the same and that is not a bad thing.

This has been my favourite place when I have chocolate cravings and I can't go too far  The brownie chocolade is my favourite  Even the Oreo one is good  cad b and cad m being the one of the best drinks in the place

The variety of desserts is rich.Looking at the quality and taste, its a Lil bit on the higher end in terms of pricing.

Well, this outlet exists here sine long and changed hands some years ago from less interested ownership to a "young couple" who are very much interested in running it properly which was visible when the plastic galsses used for serving the fluid items earlier changed from cheap thin plastic to standard cafe-chocolade marked good quality glasses.  Open air seating under trees at restaurant front side. The seating space inside is now gone because of downsizing of the shop.  Tried in the past: choc...

The cafe is not great place to be  It was almost suffocating and the AC wasn't working

Cafe Chokolade as the name suggests is a coffee bar, which gives you safe options to escape other overly expensive cafes, such as CCD or Barista.Ofcourse there is a quality variance but it is proportionately less as compared to the price difference.They have quite a large number of outlets all across the city.  They also run cute offers; combos regularly which is an added bonus.   We had ours to go and had only ordered Cad - B (probably is chokolade B) and some thick cold coffee, don't remember ...

Awesome ambience, wide spread of menu. The choco lava cake is soothing..also would recommend the newly introduced sandwiches

As Ive a sweet tooth, I tend to get attracted to chocolates like a honey bee getting attracted to flowers. Cafe chocolade did justice to my theory.  I had gone to cafe just for time pass as few combo offers displayed in offer caught my attention.    The ambiance was quite good and felt relaxing.  Some of the names for shakes were bit confusing e.g. Chocolade B , Chocolade M !! without specifying whats B and M stands for. Well, I trusted my visionary senses and went along for combo- Masal...

 Dear Folks,  For a relaxation, we visited CC recently and tried some new drinks this time. Needless to say about the ambiance, CC has a pleasing atmosphere. In the matter of taste, each drink is distinctively different.  We tried Black forest chokolade which was loaded with chocolate, whipped cream and cherries. It will definitely entice your senses and worth a try.  It gives your senses a much needed dose of heaven. Other one which we tried was Ferrero Chokolade, where the deadly combinatio...

Good ambience.. felt like being in a nice lounge with friends. You cant hear a sound from the city. Its only you, your friends and the delicacies ! Cad M Cad B and chocolate shots r my fav !!

Not bad. Had the Hazel Chokolade worth Rs 90/-.It was the thickest shake ever experienced. Rich gooey stuff, a cross between ice cream and milk. Rich with choco flakes and some hazel nut crumbs spread over.   The ratings, they go like this:  Location **** Space quotient *** Ambience *** Delivery time ** Food Quality *** Food Variety *** Food Price ** Hygiene*** Service *** Overall experience *** Visit again Quotient ***

Frined took me here for trying shakes and kukkas , she had boasted lot about it. It was worth its name.  Though place is congested but shakes and kukka are worth trying..

Amazing n delight to have choco sunday!!!!!! Beautifully served always.. Always worth the money... Hot and creamy!!!!!  Must visit...better than vimannagar outlet!!!

Love this place and love their CadB even more. The CadB takes me to a very different world where I can see chocolate all around. By now you must have understood their awesomeness. The problem there is with their seating. No proper place to hang out as such. CadB compensates for it though...

I luv d place specially the kuka.. he serves it chilled nd thick vch is always needed by youngsters.. i really cantstop myself grabbing 6 kukas @a tym..  Also its a record among my friendcircle..good going guyz

A friend took me here for having shakes. Its long back. He ordered CAD B & CAD M. I haven't tried it before and it tastes good.  I like its location which is surrounded by a happening area.   Rating here is on only the shake I have tried.

Amazing place for chocolate lovers,   The Belgian chocolade is their best product. Don't miss it for anything. The white chokade was superb. The prices are very reasonable too...

The cad b or Chokolade b is an amazing product.  Try the Belgian Chokolade . It's the best chocolate shake you will find.    Fast service and economical prices   Would definitely recommend

Nice place for desserts not great but you will get good dessert options here, I have tasted cadb and sizzling brownie which was pretty good.

Have tremendously reduced their quantities since they actually started this thing.. It was a very talked about spot for college lovers back then.. But since the quality and quantity has gone down.. Nobody bothers anymore..

Have tried almost everything here. I visit this place regularly. The owner(is a lady) is very polite. She is very sweet and is strict with her workers. And what they serve needs no introduction. I simply love visiting this place. It gives me good vibes. Have had their ice creams,sandwiches,maggi,cad b,cad m,fries n everything.... Their maggi is just yumm. The quality and quantity is decent. Love this place

Nice place to hangout with friends... tried cold coffee and it really tasted nice.. pricing is little bit tougher on our pockets.. but what you get is completely deserve the price you paid. Overall nice experience.. going to visit again.

Tried cold coffee. First I surprised by hearing the price of cold coffee. But after drinking it I really feel that it's worth price.

Cad shakes are loved by everyone! And we never miss to mention at least once to add more and more chocolate crush on the top! Really great place to sit and hangout with your buds!!

Though this place is small, it is nice to come here on a evening and snack on something,  especially if you're a chocolate fan. The Brownie Sunday is my favourite here!

A small but a nice place to have a cup of coffee. If you are a coffee lover and been around this place, i will suggest to try out. Simply    ...

nice to pace to chill and hve a drink after a long day at work.. reasonably priced. good music.

If you are on a limited budget and at the same time you want to enjoy a great buffet, then this is the place to go to. It is not very crowded. It has a simple and basic spread and staff is nice and very courteous. Costs around Rs.270 per head, so you can give your friends a much-awaited party here. ;) Interiors are nicely done.   U.S.P: Price.

Ambience is good... Its a  kind of place for college guyz to go... Food is good but service was little slow !! Have been der twice ans experience was gud ;)

overall good for college goers. Their rates are pretty cheap and dishes are well to hang out for casual dinner. Loud music may disturb if you planning to have imp discussion. Food is ok...

This is my goto place for home delivery. 5 years after moving to Pune I've finally found a place that cooks Butter Chicken like its supposed to, not too sweet not to creamy, but just right.  I first began ordering the kebabs which are equally good, to mention, The Chicken Malai Tikka - which doesn't have an overpowering flavour of Cardamom (eeesh, I cannot stand that), the spicy and tasty Chicken and Paneer Tikka, and something I'd never heard before- Garlic kebab. The home delivery service is ...

Village rooftop, setup on a rooftop of Brahma Majestic,and is spread over a large area.   The left side is the family section. The ambiance is on the lighter side,dimly lighted. Their seating arrangement is very relaxing - low wooden couches,but only drawback you can't talk properly with the person sitting opposite you.   The music is good, and they do have a huge screen  where they mostly play matches.  We ordered the chicken platter for starters, it had 4-5 varieties of starters -serving al...

Perfect for summer evenings if you are in Pune. The best place to hang out with your gal pal since it is situated at FC road. Decent ambiance and excellent service. Perfect taste of almost everything I tried there. Blessing for people who crave for chocolate.

The best place for chocolate n dessert lovers.  I'm in love with sizzling brownie with ice cream of this place.  Superb location. Great ambience.  Totally worth your time n money.

Over all the place is okay, the deserts are good. The pancakes are one of the best pancakes in town. Despite being around a busy neighborhood the place is calm.

Download little app and use "SG365"  to get around 50 percent off on chocolate room through little deals.   The chocolate room is one of my most favourite place in Pune because it's chocolaty. I have tried many things here but I would recommend death by chocolate pancake the most. Go to the chocolate room and get yourself immersed in chocolate.

Slosh'd is a nice place to be at any time of the day or night. A huge screen streams in sports, news, music or whatever you want. It is not very crowded. Seating is spaced out well. Their chicken dishes are awesome and love their wheat roti. The staff is courteous. Ashish and Mahesh who own the place are very much in touch with their customer's needs and make every effort to make you feel welcome and at home. The interiors do not jump out at you and quietly just let you be. Ashish has a very goo...

Awsme SHEESHA the blue theme, staff maintained proper loud music as Panjabi EDM bolly bests , food as awsme , can't say about drinks  its really at very cheap rates n other thng the owner r the best if u have sum money less they directly say u can give it afterwards not any issues @

Kadak food loved it need to try won't get dissatisfied .Need to try it once.The best food available late night .Drinks available.Takeaway available .

Amazing place!  Too good for sheesha and neon theme makes venue beautiful.. Food is average. Nice place to enjoy at small amount. Satisfied with service and ambiance

Been to the place N loved D ambience....music can hurt ur ears a bit but becomes good on further requesting...sheesha prices are soothing on the pockets....drinks prices are very low considering the timings....try out the chicken lollypop...

Went for an office party, place was small but good food on average rate. U should try their speciality awadhi style food.

Had been here for a team lunch one weekday afternoon.  The place is quite small and sort of compressed when compared to the pricing of the food items. There are only 5-6 tables for the guests. Looking at the entrance one would have a notion that the place must be quite spacious within, however its exactly opposite.  Coming to culinary experience, we ordered both veg and non-veg food. Being a vegetarian I  only tasted the veg items. The taste of starters and main course was good. My team mates we...

food is awesome....there is no citi privilage offer.... but there is corporate discount.

Food is  reasonably good in taste. Certainly better then most of the muglai restaurants around. Prices are very reasonable for the kind of ambience the restaurand has. Definetely value for money

Visited the place on Tuesday 5th June to celebrate the rain. Personally I thought that the food was excellent. Apparently they were short-staffed and there was a delay in service but the food was worth the wait. We wanted to order the plain/butter Naan but the captain suggested some special Naan........Awadhi Naan if I am not wrong which was absolutely fantastic. 4 people.......2 Veg.....2 Non-vegetarians.........soup, starter and main course.........1100 Rs. Sounds pretty reasonable.

Awesome Place to snacks on Burgers and Hotdogs.  Very Resonable Rates  :)   Recommended : CFC ,Chicken Duplex , Veg Italia , Classic Herbed   The original Hotdog , The Cheezed Dog  Mutton Twister , Cheese Chicken Balls , Cheezed Jalapenos Balls

Awesome place... awesome atmosphere... A great place to hang out with friends and grab a bite. The food's amazing and really filling.  My friends and I would come over during office breaks to grab a quick lunch and it's totally worth it.  I would recommend their hot dogs and salads.   Keep up the great work guys!

CFC is just amazing here !! Must try if visiting for the first time.

if you're looking for some peace within city limits.. then this is the place for you. the staff is very cordial & food equally good. there's also hookah n pool to kill time.

Nice place to hangout with frnds... as its name suggests a perfect Adda for us :)

amazing place to visit !!! If you are in pune and need a nice hangout place then you must visit adda.. good food,good interior and amazing service.... am loving it !!

i think the name should have been "addiction", i cant get enough of the place seeing the ambience, beautifully lit up tables, very dim light all around, very creative seating arrangements, a perfect place to sit with your friends and spend time.

see listen to mee if u are with your friend buddy not with gf and family members just visit the resturant 300 tummy fulll paneer curry and biryani reciepes and allll just close ur eyes and oder anything  ok and if my guiadance then order pulav chic biryani or paneer nmasala tand roti ull feel gooood

Had been to this place few days back, its a newly opened joint in bavdhan which serves biryani... any eatery that specialisez in just one dish needs to be very good at it else it wont work.  Flavours Worked!  The chicken biryani was awesome.. perfectly spiced, perfectly cooked tender chicken peices, perfect aroma.. i mean everything about it was perfect..I mean i have eaten biryani at many a places in pune, many of them have turned out either too soggy or very dry.. this one was perfectly balanc...

Visited this place with my family for Saturday dinner. Tried sushi, veg tempura, yasai.and few more stuffs. Really loved all that we tried. Service was prompt and the staff was helpful. A pleasant ambience. With freshly prepared dishes. It wasy first time to this restaurant, but would definately recommend it ..to visit atleast once....!!!

I have been to this restaurant before but this time it was utter disappointment. The chicken fried rice was nothing to write home about. The dim sums were thick and had no taste at all. The chicken and the shrimp variety had no difference in taste.

Heard about this place and finally decided to visit..it was a saturday nite and yet this place was empty..we went for the mixed meat set menu(NIKU) ,the food was alright however the fruit trip mocktail ordered by my wife was good..,the desert which was served as part of the set menu was just average..panash needs to seriously rethink that bit..overall i would say nothing extraordinary.the place though was well lit for a cosy dinner and the staff was very courteous for sure.  VFM:7 AMBIENCE:8 TAS...

As we were staying in this hotel we decided to try out their pan Asian restaurant and we were astonished with the food and service both.  To start with the Teppanyaki live counter is quite impressive. They have a sushi live counter which is very rare to see and the veg Tempura sushi is to die for!! The main course has good varieties of vegetarian dishes to choose from and everything here is made in authentic way.  A must go place if in mood of authentic pan Asian Cuisine!

I had been wanting to dine here since quite a few months now. Stepped in for dinner with a friend, earlier this week. Heres my experience of Panash   Ambience  Slightly dimly lit environment creates a perfect ambience for a great dinner. The seating is nice and comfortable. Pretty minimalistic and peaceful decor with beautiful long red curtains and authentic looking Shoji windows; give it a traditional Japanese look. Theres a Teppanyaki table and a Sushi counter, where patrons coul...

A good place to hangout. It serves ala carte as well as buffet. Been here for dinner. A lot of varieties are served here in veg and non-veg. Starting from soups ,salads and starters to main course and deserts. Lots of options for foodies. Loved a lot being here.

Tried their roasted chicken pizza in whole wheat thin crust base, I must tell you it was amazing. Superbly tasty! They told me it would take max 30 mins but they give it in almost half the time. Super quick service, generous staff and nice hospitality.

It's the main restaurant of Sheraton. I happen to have all my meals for three days at the restaurant, so I have a kind of mixed feeling towards it. First of all buffet is varied and generally dishes are not repeated. Secondly they can serve much more dishes than those projected but no information is given towards it. Snacks are generally nice but very limited. Some of their staff are really good and generally takes care of you but some of them kind of don't care. Still not a bad experience at al...

Tried their dinner buffet. For a price of Rs.900+ tax and a fancy restaurant one does expect quite a bit given the close competition from other buffet providers. However, it was a let down as it wasn't quite upto the expectations.  One gets 3 non-veg starters. 3!!. I won't take names but others provide upto 12 non-veg starters for that price. And the 3 include 2 types of chicken and 1 fish. Could have atleast given 1 prawns starter. The taste was good no doubt but the variety was a big downer fo...

Just like any other restaurant inside a hotel The Eatery offers average food. The service staff is courteous and polite but the time it takes to get food is painstakingly high. The chicken soup is tasty. Avoid the salads as they lack flavours and pretty much all are bland. The sandwiches are yummy and can be tried. The ambiance is good and the sitting place is comfortable and food except the sandwiches not so great.

Visited this place with family and loved how grand the entrance was!  We called for the butter chicken which was recommended by a friend and liked it. Apart from this, the chicken tikka and malai kofta was really good.  Looks like the hotel is getting back to its old days when I had first visited and had an amazing experience.  The central area outdoor seating with classical music and the gushing sound of the water under us made for a good ambience.  I am glad to have visited this place!

It was my first time at the hotel. I am not from Pune and looked this place up over zomato and decided to visit with family. Good to feel the grandeur of the place. The butter chicken is really good.. Overall a good experience. Good for a nice family time.

Very good place with a nice soothing decor and the food especially butter chicken makes a nice time spent at Rajwada. Need to visit this place more often.  Perfect for a family time with kids since we could leave them at the play area. The water body at the centre was also an attraction for the kids.  Overall a good experience

Loved the Rajwada special in all dishes ordered. Will visit this place again with friends. Nice music with a waterfountain in the background and good food made a good evening for us

Visited this place with family, the grand entrance with the waterfall is very soothing. The butter chicken and Reshmi kebabs are a must try! The ambience tops it all! Me and my family had a good time so I would recommend this place for families.

A hidden place ! Its a cozy yet stylish restaurant at Mundhwa. Had gone for a team party. The ambience was really nice and unique. We got a really good corner table and that too an Indian seating with loads of cushions. The waiter was prompt in taking orders and serving. We ordered seekh kebab and paneer Sholay for starters. The tandoor was perfect and the taste yummm. Some of my colleagues also ordered fish and they found it amazing. The next was sizzlers, one  in white sauce and other in red. ...

God! This place is amazing!!!!!! Ambience 10 on 10! Food 10 on 10! Service is also good! The nonveg food is just so yummmmm! The ambiance in the night feel so relaxing. Perfect place to hangout with your family and friends!

The place is one of my favorites. Its bit heavy on pocket but the quality and quantity is totally worth the money spent!  Ambience is awesome, not enough words to explain it. You have to visit to experience it.  Service is decent, staff is polite and courteous.  All the menu items are must try, although Iced Tea with Paneer Pakoda deserves a special mention.

Wow  ......is the suitable phrase for this place what I experienced.   *Ambiance*  This place has great ambiance. Low lying Indian type sitting arrangements... Candle light ambiance and nice music.... Dim lights... So, overall perfect ambiance.  *Food*  We ordered, Chicken banjara, Chicken Angara, cheese garlic nan and veg biriyani.Food was tasty.  I loved the cheese garlic nan it was perfect in taste. Chicken was properly cooked .  *Service*  Service was OK Ok. They had sufficie...

What a lovely hidden gem in the corners of the streets between this area. I was pleasantly surprised by the greenery, low lying sitting, candle light ambience and light music. We ordered a cheese garlic naan (I judge a place by how good they can get it) for starters, a few mocktails and chicken achari for dinner. The food is just as great as the feeling this place gives you! You'll be super happy to be here :)

This is not a place for usual beer. But definitely the best for some really good Cocktails and Mock-tails. The food is just awesome. You better try the continental, its mind blowing. Music played is again something to be called as best of the breed. Ambiance is good. I have been here a zillion times they never failed to amaze me each time. Also the price for loyalty, I was offered a free entry during the new year's eve.

Sukanta! One of the "must go in Pune" places .I visit this place at least once in every summer for "Aam ras", That too unlimited and just for Rs. 300. The quality of the food is nice, The Aam ras was just wow, there were a whole lot of other dishes which to be honest were okay-ish not anything special about them that we don't get in a normal restaurant but again for a foodie like me its heaven when you get tasty unlimited food. The veggies were nice and the rotis were all covered in ghee.Though ...

Visited this place today for lunch. We had to wait for one hour to get a table. But when dig into food then realized it was all worth it. Really must visit restaurant in Pune. Veg thali had so many options: Bhindi, aloo matar, paneer butter masala, moong-moth, kadhi, dal, rice, veg pulav, mirchi ka achar, bajre ka sogra with gud n ghee, roti, masala Puri, dhokla, cutlet, one sweet dish, salad, papad, Delhi chat, jaljeera and last but not the least Aamras. During mango season one must visit this ...

Nice place with not so crowded crowd. Known for their fresh beer! Great hospitality, super quick service, tasty pasta & a chill out place to relax your evening.

The ambiance is good. There is a big projector screen where you can enjoy sports. The atmosphere is not great because there are not too many people around. The food choices are pretty limited. The service is quick.

International Beer Day Celebrations at Best Brews  All Beer and Games  Four Points by Sheraton is an upscale four star hotel chain for business and leisure travelers. Featuring 217 guest rooms and suites, this hotel offers a familiar place with an authentic sense of the local and friendly genuine service.  To celebrate International Beer Day, Four Points by Sheraton Pune organized an evening of beer and food pairing comprising of the hotels signature beer as part of the Best Brews Program....

So, we were roaming the stretch of Nagar Road and were in a hurry to reach home when we ended up visiting this. Undoubtedly the staff is very courteous, they make u very comfortable.. But the food was ok. We ordered the vegetable pizza which was soggy and the nachos which was decent and one drink given I had cold and it was no alcohol for me. Also the drink wasn't very impressive. Besides because I wasn't drinking one of the staff was courteous enough to come and offer that he'd ask his bar man ...

was here before few days back with my friends bang bang for ambience and music which they played that day, very less options in the starters specially continental... staff is very friendly and well manner... very less options on table placement... i don't drink so writing on bar and drinks is very unfair but as my friends said they enjoy a lot 4/5 for ambiance  5/5 for music 4/5 for staff and service 3/5 for food overall great place to chill out

One of the best Pizza's across Mumbai Pune ! Well if In mumbai I only like to eat at joey's and similarly when in Pune, I only eat at US Pizza. the quality of their pizza's is simply mind blowing.. Good quality pizza cheese, great quality ingredients, you are never hunting to find the goodies in your pizza. Also important to note is that they are prices very competitively for a pizza of that quality. I love the mexican pizza as it is a spicy combination of chicken, jalapeno and Pizza Cheese. If ...

I have never been to <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-176235" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/us-pizza-176235">US Pizza</a></span> and the one time I tried it, I quite liked it and since then am a regular here.I've tried almost all their Non-Veg Pizza's and Pasta's.  The pizza always has a good amount of topping and the cheese melts in the mouth. Extremely flavorful and the Regular size is a good portion for a single person. The base wasn't tough; unlike a few places.  For the quality they se...

After a miserable day of slogging our arse without food for the entire day we decided to grab a pizza for brunch. Since my colleague is vegetarian we ordered an American heat pizza(reg). It was served pretty quick . It wasn't that ambrosial or filling. So we decided to order supreme garlic bread along with BBQ chicken wings. This is where actual misery began. They took about 15mins to serve the garlic bread.And it was burnt !! We returned it and asked for a new serving which took another 15 mins...

>> Review:  This is a place for all pizza lovers, who are actually looking for a complete gastronomic satisfaction. A lot of my friends recommended this joint and that's actually adds to its credits.   I went on a weekend, and veg buffet costs you Rs. 175 approx with taxes.  Tomato soup to start with. The veg. soup was a delight,light with well-balanced flavors.  The salad spread is completely vegetarian and wide. You have pasta salads in red sauces , and macaroni with cheese and macaroni with p...

Nice one with a good ambience...one of my highly anticipated place..i really enjoying everytime..

Great food,great presentation.Great interiors. Loved the food a lot. Must tries -  QUESSADILLAS (Mexican) , Sizzlers , Yummy Pave Bhaji , Papad Churi ,  Kicha Papad,  Paneer Tikkas are the best.Just cant wait to visit again.

The Truffle Festival at La Terraza, Hyatt Regency!  People, don't miss out this exotic festival which is On till 25th February! We had some super delicious dishes and the incorporation of Truffle, Truffle oil, and Truffle butter in all the dishes really stand out.  Some of my favorites from the Tasting were: Zuppa ( Soup):  1) Roasted pumpkin cappuccino with trufle oil with burnt chicken: Now Pumpkin is not one of my favorite veggies but this creamy and aromatic soup is seriously good. It is ser...

I think hyatt regency Pune is having the best coffee shop in town .It's service and food is world class .I really loved it .And soon will repeat .Thanks to the wonderful team and special thanks to the Manager Mr.Manjay. Cheers.

Very good ambience. The pasta with porcini mushroom was nice. The breads were not good. The tiramisu cream could have been lighter. The lamb chops were chewy. This restaurant claims to be one of the best fine dine Italian restaurant but I did not like their food. The average price for two would be 2000 without drinks.

Before food, first I would rate their service quality 4.5/5 .  Now coming to food, Taste  4/5 Value for money 3.5/5 . Approx price for two 2300-2900 . Choice of menu 4/5 (more can be added to veg category)  Rating to ambience 4/5

This place was a revelation. Wood fired pizzas in pune being made in front of you with the most thinnest of crusts and just the right mozzarella. Just the perfect pizza. And to add to that lovely hot breads, nice pastas and amazing risotto. What a meal at the end of a long day. Just super.

Breakfast buffet has a good range of mix. Indian, Chinese, and western . Fresh and clean . Staff are kind and good attitude . Serving is fast .

We popped into the Cafe on the 7th March 2017 to celebrate by mom's 81st birthday...  We were so impressed with the service and spread. The staff was extremely attentive, welcoming and friendly. Service was quick. Food was outstanding and super tasty.  Loads of vegetarian options... The dessert selection was numerous. Good value for money. Truly enjoyed my dining experience at this fine restaurant. Thank you for making my mom's birthday so special. Will be back very soon :)

Sunday Brunch @ Cafe We went out to Hyatt regency with my friends last Sunday and let me tell you that It was the best brunch we ever had in any hotel.Quality of food was remarkable,Buffet spread was excellent,Quick Service make it better and Ambience was delectable everything was up to the mark.We really enjoyed and will surely come again here and I will surely recommend other to experience once.

Sunday Brunch at The Cafe, Hyatt Regency, Pune.  The Sunday brunches are the in thing these days, well let me tell you, there are brunches in Pune and then there is the brunch at Hyatt. Ive wanted to pen down about my lazy and laid back Sunday brunch at Hyatt Regency, Pune for a while now and finally I@ found my inspiration. Thank God its Sunday! I totally loved my brunching experience at Hyatt. There is no pretending of being something that they are not, as The Cafe at Hyatt Regency have...

At the inception THE CAFE:- Phenomenal place to brunch primarily on Sundays if you just wanna let loose..Would only speak for the non-veg stuff primarily the Barbecue Pork ribs, fish & Chips, Grilled Basa Steak,,,the list goes on...Sumptuous to the power infinity..And for malts you can try the Single malt & Company...The JW Blue Label is just like too smooth as hot knife in butter...try it once folks

Writing review after long time. Nice ambiance. Service is good. For quality is also good. Been here with friends, good hotel to chill with friends.

One of my personal favourite places for delicious meals for over two decades, Bamboo house has always served well in all areas including ambience, quality, quantity and taste! Personal favorites from Multiple visits include:  Spicy Sea Food Soup- One of the best sea food soups in the city, this has never disappointed on any of my visits. The soup has always been well spiced with enough of meat and amazing taste!  Shole Kabab- I've had this same dish at different restaurants across town, but neit...

Time : 3 PM when we reached there When : Sunday How many : 2 people  For the Ambiance:  2/5  1. They have an open area under the trees - which we were told is closed for this time and were instructed to go inside. 2. They have closed sitting divided into two parts - I dont know why  but apparently the other serves you lunch from 11 am to 6 PM!  We went in one area and were again told that this is closed and we may go to the other part! This way we ended up in quiet a walk before we reached ou...

Great place, very good ambience. Whenever I visit this place I remember their Appam and Fish curry, u love it here. Very good food and the tried various naans, paneer, dal tadka.  Very good place to visit for lunch and dinner 

Ambiance is nice... Food is also nice... But service .... Way bad.... Everything we have to ask for min. 2 times... Waiters were nt listening only.... That makes us bit off...

I have never come out disappointed every time I visit this place. Huge variety of choices in the many. Never miss having their noodles and rice varieties. Starters can never leave your unsatisfied. Pork lover, try each and every variety of pork they serve. Totally worth it. Crispy chicken is nicely complimented by the sauces served along. Honey noodles and ice cream is the best way to finish the meal.   Ambience - 3/5 Service - 4/4 Food - 4.5/5 Value for money - 5/5

Ambience: 3/5 could have been better Food: A taste to remember.I love veg phat thai noodles most Over all:Very good place for chinese cuisine.

Great service and awesome food is what you should expect here. Lots of varieties of starters in poultry and seafood. The lamb was pretty good too. Mains were where I was a bit disappointed. The pan fried noodles was a bit bland though the moonfaan rice was better. But to star of the show was the honey noodles with ice cream. The sweetly caramelized flat noodles were just delightful. Definitely a second visit place IMO.

Aswm veg pad Thai noodles.. Must try.. I loved the peanuts into it..  Wonderful innovation..   Other drinks and variety of Chinese are equally good in tasts

Hyatt's Gourmet Avenue is located in one of the lobbies of this grand hotel. One can feast on coffee, fancy sandwiches, exotic salads and beautifully decorated cakes while seated on one of the comfortable sofas in front. It is relaxing despite the hotel guests who walk through. Hungry, I wolfed down a tiny salmon bagel that was delish and ordered another one. Then I had a slice of Black Forest Cake. Ubiquitous in Pune and Mumbai, a version of this celebrated German gateau seems to vary from plac...

This little corner coffee, snack and pastry shop located in the lobby lounge section of the Hyatt Regency was a nice little suprise.   It has a nice selection of treats from sandwiches, cheeses, croissants, breads and pastries that are displayed quite nicely! Sampled the cupcakes which were a special addition for the week. It wad a nice sized treat and was well baked! The hazelnut chocolate was the standout in my opinion! This is a great place for a snack or to just fill the sweet tooth craving ...

I often go to this place to pick up snacks or cakes. I love their croissants, hummus and salmon bagels even if the later are tiny. I also enjoyed high tea there twice and I just wished they had it early in the day when I am not with the kids (but then it would not be high tea, right!?). Anyway, the only problem I have with this place is that the service is slow. There is just one guy there who has to do everything and when there are lots of people, I have to wait ten minutes to get just one thin...

What I love about 5 star hotels the most are desserts. Absolutely marvellous, scrumptious, heavenly and soulful. Love the mascarpone creamed cake, Tiramisu, and all other items. Truly exceptional. Cakes are great. They bake the perfect sponge.

nice restaurant. good food and great ambiance. nice place to visit

I know many of them have already rated it and there is nothing new...But the only item for which I am writing a review is their mojitos.. Especially mango mojito..It's the coolest and refreshing drink they serve..All my taste buds were awakened by this one drink.. we also had ordered green apple and watermelon mojito they too were great.. lovely garlic bread in sides..And rest all is the same..Do go for it guys..

Pizza is good as always but this particular outlet messed up my order twice in a row. Reported same in the company website but no response so far.

Great location. Exactly where the college crowd hangs out the most. Ambience is cool. Smart utilization of space. Tried the hot chocolate and it was amazing. Visited here after the NYE party late night and had a good experience.

This is our common spot to meet for one of our friends groups. We generally go pretty late by 9:30pm and find the place not crowded (thats what we want). And everytime we are last one to be thrown out (due to closing time). Great coffee, desserts and stuff. Cool ambience and friendly staff. Enjoy.

Siapa suka salad? Bagi iday salad dekat Viv's Boutique Cafe sedikit berbeza dari mana-mana tempat iday review sebelum ni sebab salad disini diletakkan mango citrus dressing. Hidangan sedap ni boleh diorder dengan harga RM14.90 . Oh, ada bread crumbs! Tak pernah taw bread crumbs sedap kalau makan dengan salad. Korang patut try :)  Iday sebenarnya tak sangka dekat Viv's Boutique Cafe ada Bento Set. Hahaha Padahal nama pon kedai Asian fusion kan. Islam's faveret la ni. Dia bukan letak nasi putih ca...

Do you know that Departure Lounge has recently just converted its cafe at Solaris Mont Kiara to a new restaurant called Wanderlust? The departure from a cafe to a restaurant idea was sprung out by its owners as they do not want to serve only good coffee but also good food. So fans of Departure Lounge, you can continue to enjoy great coffee at their newly opened restaurant called Wanderlust.  Last week, we were invited by Wanderlust to have some samples on their food. Our dinner took off ...

A Humber Lakeshore student favorite, with their wing nights and beer. I personally like this place, but I like Brooklyn Haus a little better, and that's mainly because there are a couple of servers who aren't the friendliest. It is essentially a sports bar, with usually a good noisy crowd. On wing nights, its 60 cents a wing.

A new hang out place that been open 2 month back...if not mistaken...hehe Alot food & drink selection to be order....... The shop Located same Row With Publicbank SS2,Before This NEW Shop of food talk Cafe,it was hainan coffee if you familiar With SS2....

The food is excellent... best uthapa in pune. ... amazing spdp...and the sambhar is awesome..

Other cafe's are much better.. Got a Latte and it tasted like cappuccino!   Didnt heat the cake as told.. It was cold inside..  Did not put tissues in tray.. Had to ask for tissues on counter     All in all not a great experience..

They manage a decent brew but there are days when the coffee machine isnt working well and then you land up with a milky coffee instead of a cappuccino you ordered. coffee is also better on the day they open a fresh packet of coffee! The samosa has some rather funny filling apart from a little potato, wonder if they cant afford potatoes??Good coffee, avoid their sandwiches though cos my stomach started troubling me when i had their sandwiches on consecutive days! This outlet doesnt have a loo so...

Good place for visit. specious cafe. staff is not ok and service is also not good. don't order expresso at all otherwise u will get black coffee with lots of water and they are not ready to accept that expresso and black coffee are different.

Nice and spacious outlet of this chain restaurant. This is in a famous area so it is swarming with people. We got there last night and ordered hazelnut latte, which was good. Staff was courteous. Quick service.

A group of 8 of us visited this place last night. We orderd a lot of drinks and beer. Ambience was good, so was the music. It was much too loud but we did not mind it. Was very glad that they were not the watered down version we get in some places. Drinks were good. Food was awesome too. Chicken 65, veg 65, non veg platter, veg platter, fish and chips, Thai red curry and rice. All very well made. Wud definitely go there again.

If you're shopping on MG road and feel the need to sit down comfortably, grab some drinks and a bite.. while listening to some punk music with friends..then this is your go to place.  AMBIENCE : Well this place is in the basement of Wonderland, it's on the darker side, it's cool, but a little cramped up place, English music playing in the background and, if you're a into cricket, you'll find that running on the television too. 3/5  SERVICE : Service is slow 2/5  FOOD: But when the food arrived, ...

This place is small and sexy. The place is famous for it's rock music. We went on thursday where you get BOGO on pitcher. So we ordered two pitchers and got two absolutely free. We also ordered garlic bread which too was tasty. We spent good time drinking and talking. The smoking zone was little congested but that doesn't matter when you want to spent a little time chit chatting.

An old hidden cafe tucked under the ground in the city of Pune. Located on MG Road this place is always filled with people.  The ambience is nothing noteworthy, even could appeal to be a little shady to few people. The area is small. Tables are laid pretty close to each other. The food and cheap alcohol is the only perk here. The burgers are juicy and filling. The Chicken Wings is a must have. They run different offers on different days of the week. The Pizzas are thin crust. The size is moderat...

I am a coffee lover therefore I like exploring new places for coffee and I assure every time I order something which haven't tried before. In Batista I had cafe americano. And I would just say that I am in love with black coffee. Looking forward to visit soon and try out something new. They have various types of coffee shots available too. Must visit.

The coffee was average, and the muffins were not so good. But being situated at such a prime area, its a good place to hangout with friends.

Since the place is on the UG floor, it is not significant for a passer-by of FC road. Barista is exaggerated as per me. I mean there's nothing except a coffee and that's the sole reason this bar is famous. Also no value for money and no good ambience (FC road wala).

The orange billboards of this franchise always intrigued me. I had never been to one of their joints before. Last week i was with some friends on FC road and it started drizzling, and it churned the craving for some hot coffee in me.As we were walking we came across this joint of Barista, and went in.  Ambiance-  The joint is situated in the basement of a building amidst the hustle-bustle of FC road. The tables are pretty small and are not ideal for a group of about 5-6 people. This outlet has ...

Had dinner on Thursday evening. No rush no waiting .  I tried chicken tikka and butter chicken for main course. Food was fresh and tasty. naturally cooked. No artificial colors and flavours. Chicken was juicy.

One of the best places on Sholapur road. Nice and chilled interior. Outdoor sitting can be a bit of problem as trillions of mosquitoes are hunting for you. Quality of food at its best. Mushroom bharwa kumbh is must try.Service at 10th mile is really prompt and active.

Average Food..Had been here to celebrate my birthday.. This place located on the outskirts of pune. The owner of this place is very friendly. The food is average in taste. Not a very popular place of the area because of its location. The parking space is good. Overall a very mixed experience. The majority of the crowd is from the near by colleges. Can be tried once.Thats a Tough Decision !!!  Cheers..

Was looking for a food delivery option near my home, found this outlet and called them to find out that the delivery boy was not there and would have to pick up the food if i ordered. Nevertheless i ordered a hara bhara kabab, paneer lababdar and nan, all of which was excellently made and the quantity is enough for 3-4 and it was totally worth the money. Moreover when i was waiting i was offered a complimentary drink and papad which made the waiting time seem like leisure time.

I went here with my friends. One of the was leaving Pune and other one was here for sometime. So, it was like welcoming someone to the city and saying bye to the other one. We sat there for spending some peaceful time just relaxing and chatting.   We ordered for one Peach Iced Tea, one Expresso Americano, and one Expresso. Except for expresso, everything else was blahhh. Peach iced tea din't taste like peach at all and regular expresso americano did not look regular. Both these things lacked fl...

Coffee lovers dis is the place ur looking for......!

You can indulge in a muffin, sandwich, croissant or pastry but the inviting aroma of slow roasting coffee will entice you first in the direction of the coffees. Fresh brews from Espressos and Ristrettos to Mochas and Lattes are made from the best Italian beans. If you want something taller and stronger ask for a Caffee Latte. The indulgent vanilla, hazelnut, mocha and caramel creation that is the Coffee Cooler is an iced delight. More? Try the Iced Coffee, the Americano or the towering Specialit...

Used to go here in late 90s when this was the only main place of Mayur. There was no comparison for their Thali then. Recently revisited original place and found a pot has changed (nearby) due to grade separators and fly overs. Taste is still great but price now is on higher side. Overall great experience.

Its a decent place to have stomach full of food when you're hungry. Varieties are more and taste was too good. The best part of Aamras served with Thali in an off season.  This unlimited Thali has a variety of Maharashtrian cuisine. Totally, its a very good family place to have some good food for a reasonable price.

This is a good place to try out for those who want to have thali. The quantity is good enough. Also if you are willing to eat less then there is also an option of mini thali , that way you can save up on money and wastage of food. The only thing that could have been better is that when you are charging 340  for a thali you should not make the customer pay 100 bucks more for the sweet dish. Overall it is a good place to try out Gujrati thali.  Food - 4/5 Services - 4/5 Ambience - 2/5

Well I am not a coffee buff but while shopping at sgs the fragrance pulled me towars the outlet and bought caffe latte regular (M) Rs 135 (coffee 115 tax 20). The outlet has many usual fresh brews in hot and cold. Also some tit bits. Nice aroma, taste, smooth and not very bitter. It was nice and I could finish. But.... overpriced and not value for money.

Excellent! ! but not worth the price..its a good experience though.. there are better places available like cafe coffee day..

We have opted for Daal Baati.... And no doubt its great experience ... Price is little high but  taste and ambience is good. Staff was little bit busy on watching TV so late responsive.

nice place and ambiance is good food presentation is so good and good service really love this place      ....................................

this is a usual restaurant.. Buffet not value for money.. Been there for official gatherings n been there once with family.. Not very great.. There are better places worth money

One of the best roof top restaurants in pune. Limited menu ! Amazing food, most imp good staff. They had organised a poolside party on my bday , trust me it was one of my best bday party.

Awesome Chinese Food. Went by suggestion from the server. He suggested the Black Pepper Chicken as starters, chicken Hongkong Rice & Chicken Schezuan for Main course. The food was light, perfect flavor & right amount of spice.   Must add that a place which is over a decade old in service still manages to get the food correct. Kudos to the management / owner/chef.   Although the sad part was the Central AC started to leak water from the inside & the place started to get stuffy. But, hey, the food...

Do Visit in their Happy hours to get 1 free offer. I ordered 2 Budweisers and got 2 more free :)   The snacks were quite expensive, french fries were somewhere around Rs. 150. I bet you could get better fries at McDs in 90 bucks with more quantity.  Just average music, mostly Bollywood tracks.   Decent for occasional rounds.

Good food, bad service, too loud music, nice DJ and a great place to let your hair down!

Firangi paani its one of the best places to party with your friends, though it a small place but the interiors are designed with the antique collection of GUNS and SWORDS which is pretty cool. The sitting arrangement is okok but the food is delicious.   The drinks are awesome - must try COCKTAILS.  All and all a good place for a small group party.

Firangi paani is one of the few place's in the city that combines the old world charm with the new age taste. The layout of the restaurant, bar and the dance floor is very elegant. The first thing which will strike your eyes will be the decoration and the lighting of the place. The bar is stylishly designed and well stocked. The cocktails are a must have. Right next to the bar there is a  dance floor which gets crowded late in the night. The restaurant is opposite to the bar and the dance floor....

I went here with my friends,we enjoyed to much there, i like here's starter menu spescially and it's intrior. It's service is very good.

Took a review from Zomato to explore this place. Pretty cool place with decent music, located in the Royal Orchid Golden Suites Pune. Being the only restaurant in the hotel chef has given very good variety of food for all walk-in and In-house Guest.  Restaurant Ambience- 4* There is an outside seating available and it's really good for those who wanna make it special for someone. Candle light option is available. Locations- 3.5* . The marketing team should do some activity to attract more guest ...

Decent budget buffet located in the quite corner of Kalyani Nagar. Has both indoor and outdoor sittings. Staff is courteous and attentive and food is quite ok. Good one to go for a quite decent buffet meal. Enjoyed my sitting.

Visited here once i was staying in hotel royal orchid.. Interiors are very nice.. I love there ambience also.. Visited here for dinner and it was great experience.. Little costly but worth of money

food 5/5 service 5/5 ambience 5/5 best place for party and treats  starters are so tasty and overall food is delicious  service is fast  highly recommended

I went for lunch once. the ambience was ok but I liked the service and hospitality of the staff. But not.much starter varieties for veg . Desserts were good. Need to increase the varieties for main course as well...

We had training scheduled at Hotel Royal Orchid and as part of it enjoyed lunch at Pinxx. I remember being there in 2014 as well and must say they are very consistent with the ambiance. Nothing has changed even a bit. Be it seating arrangement, location of desserts, main course OR soup - everything is still at the same place. Kudos for such consistency.   Food:  The buffet spread is good as it always includes the combination of fish, chicken, noodles, pasta, variety of veggies, daal and rice. I'...

I celebrated my Birthday here, since my dad works for Royal Orchid Goa property we managed to get a fancy discount on the food buffet.  One of the best fine dine places in Pune i have visited. We were about 10 ppl and all of us could talk to each other without having to shout out loud at the top of our voices... They has this really nice soft music playing in background.   Food was overall good i must say.. All dishes in the buffet were tasty.. starters and main course were equally good. Nothing...

I see here that this restaurant is picking up with low cost strategy and the staff is really Corteous and they can improve on service a bit.

Good ambience   Buffet is also great ,  If not hoging in for buffet  Then don't miss staters veg - maki ke kebab , dry manchurian  Non Veg - achari kebab , mahi  kebab Breads - garlic nan , romali roti  Great Quality food , which surely won't damage ur pocket   Keep it up guys

Rates are low .. Ambience is good .. If not the best in class .. Servers serve with enthusiasm and the food is great too .. Definitely recommended

A hotel just opposite to my residence. Had never imagined it to be so good till i went there.The food was extremely yumm especially there breakfast buffet.Its a must try. Have lot of choices to fill in your tummy. My favorite from this place is Veg manchurian and Roomali Roti. The restaurant is small cozy.Ambience is just average but food is good with fast service. Have been there many times and will keep going :)

Really slow service....never have I ever waited so long to be attended to...looks more like a canteen than a restaurant.... The food is okayish.....

Went for breakfast as i was having 1 on 1 coupon and breakfast was so awesome bacon chicken live egg and not to forget live dosa  It was the best dosa I ever had  Fresh juice and muffins  And too good hospitality by them keep it up guys

Cozy place in the hotel to have food and drinks. Breakfast buffet was quite good. Lunch menu was having very limited options. A'la carte sometimes takes very long. Service was courtious and warming. The standards can still be at a next level by applying simple pro customer service techniques.

Had been here for team lunch. Ambience is really nice. Very few options for both veg and nveg starters. Taste wise food is good. Good service.

You are hungry and its really late for any place to be open.. and you have already decided to have those packets of maggi.. But wait a minute! Orchid VITS is at your rescue. I has two restaurants but writing review for just Atrium.. The midnight buffet place!!  Cheap and good food from 12 pm to 3 am.. The serving staff is really courteous and happy to help all the time. you want to start a birthday party or just eat!  The spread is good and if you are lucky you get their moong ki daal ka halwa ...

As a hotel guest went to this in-house bar for a drink and a small meal. Bar has decent collection of liquor to choose from. Decor is simple yet beautifully designed. Service is prompt and courteous. For meal ordered Chicken Paprika and pleasantly surprised by the taste. It was delicious. Nice place for late evening drink with friends or alone. Pricing is not reasonable but definitely in line with the other places of this kind.

A lovely coffee shop in Radisson. The decor is nice and the ambience is peaceful. They have huge comfortable couches. The chocolate marquees pastry was heavenly. The dash of rum added more flavour to it. What more they are offering a 50% discount between 7 and 10 in the evening. I am going to visit them soon to try their savouries and coffee. 

I loved the ambience and hospitality of the staff! Food was good as expected out of any 5* hotel. I will definitely revisit this restaurant!

Really loved this place. No one seemingly knows about this or some misconceptions around cause the emptiness but I'm a foodie and believe me when I say their strawberry tart is worth every penny giving u the freshness of Mafco. Good quiches as well.

nice experience.

This review is especially for the service Radisson Blu provided us after 10 o'Clock in the night. Three hugely hungry souls were looking for a bite to eat after a long flight, and they were supposed to go to a place where they were not going to get a meal in the night. So they ended up in Radisson Blu, and thought to take up some food from Citrine. The place was mostly closed, but the server, Himanshu, was very nice and he said that although the bakery items were not available they could arrange...

Had been staying in Hotel Pride during my pune visit a couple of months ago. Puran-Da-Dhaba is located within Pridr hotel premises. The taste of food is though good but amibience as such is not worth appreciating sue to dull lighting. Live music and ghazals are ok and starters are best.

I was there for official dinner...and by chance it was lohri so it became quite an occasion... Okay...for Ambiance...its punjab + sort of filmy theme...i like the sitout but it surely could be better...more clean may be I wouldn't comment on hard drinks coz i didn't have any bit the ice tea they gave me was too sweet.. Starters were all related to chaat, bhelpuri, papadi n al that...didn't impress much BUT....I loved the food..sarso ka saag was the best!!! Even other things served in buffet were...

Food is expensive and alcohol is super expensive. It is open to air terrace sitout and they have tried to give it a dhaba touch but it is way far from that feel. Service is good since the captain gives you full attention as the no. of guests are few. Food is average. They offer chats and other stuffs which are included in the buffet package. And they have live music as well.

On the occasion of celebrating rewards and recognition won in office, we had a dinner planned at The great kabab factory, Radisson blu. It's on the first floor of Radisson blu hotel.  Ambience is very nice,well decorated with beautiful lights, huge dinning space, comfortable, cozy seats and sofas.   The restaurant name in brief explains the menu very well... Indeed it is a kabab factory!!!  The menu for Starters that we had on our plates was- galoti kabab, fish(surmai) kabab, paneer kabab, chick...

Stayed at the Radisson Blu and tried this place once. I have been to the TGKF in Gurgaon and had high expectations from this place. The ambience is nice with music, lighting and aromas that soothe you and prepare for a culinary treat. There are only multi-course meal ordering options at TGKF. I ordered the vegetarian meal. Started with the Gilauti Kebab and it was fabulous. Soft kebabs plated on thin slices of saffron flatbread. Reordered it 4 times!  There were three other kebabs but they could...

Kebab factory is really a factory of kebabs since they serve as much as u can eat.service is fast sometimes too fast to handle.GALOTI is die for but after asking for 2-3 times they repeat that.dal factory is again a must try.somehow I did not liked their ambiance.

Well..I visited TGKF last week for Dinner with my friend. 1) Food: 3.5. The starters (Gelouti Kebab steals the show). After starters people dont care about the main course. There is hardly any variety in Main Course. (Please include variety dishes in main course). (please please improve quality  of Main Course and desserts) 2) Ambience: 4.5 . Great in terms of ambience, especially the Live music (GAZALS) being played. Also request for Gazals are acknowledge. For us we gave a GAZAL, but they did...

I stayed at the Pride hotel for a work trip and ate at the Casablanca restaurant twice.   Once for dinner when I was extremely tired and in no mood to travel anywhere for food. I sat down and ordered a plain dinner of tomato soup and chicken satay.  The tomato soup was ok with the croutons just about crispy. The satay was also average with some oil to be wiped off before I ate. However the peanut sauce was pretty decent which made the satay much more palatable.  In the morning I had breakfast in...

Had stayed for a business trip where enjoyed dinner n breakfast at casablanca. Chinese dinner being one of my favourites was the usual choice & that was satisfying for dinner after a tiring day. Breakfast was an exotic spread..... Best picks were omelette, sweet sevaiyan, hot puris n potato sabji, n fresh juice. Cinnamon cake was excellent choice for sweetness to start the day.....

A decent breakfast spread with some of the indian dishes  which takes the honors. The conti spread is average. Service is warm and personal. Location is great in shivaji nagar and this first 5 star of pune i know of and holding out well traditionally even today amidst intense competition. Gives one the Pune feel.

Had been to this place almost after a month, but I do visit it often. We usually order corn sandwich, cold coffee, paneer roll, etc which is almost fixed. But this time we tried ICE-CREAM SANDWICH and PIZZA which was actually worth. We always prefer to go there because of its mouth watering food and its healthy concept. And also when we miss GHAR KA KHANA..  ----- 25 Aug, 2013 ----- Dr.You's KATTTA .. Awsome place, best and tasty food.. must visit..  ----- 24 Aug, 2013 ----- Try out HEALTH...

I Love this place, Nice hangout place and really tasty food.   My Favourates - Cold Coffee, Corn Combo, Frankie, Dal Chaval and Freezing Friends if you have not visited, you are missing out something.

Beverages here are awesome... Chiku shake, Freezing friends, Muskmelon shake, Watermelon wi-fi & Dry fruit defeat should not be missed.Pine pepper salad, and Corn club are delectable. its a nice place to hang out with friends.

Fabulous place to hangout with friends..There are books,there is chess, there is music n to top it all, food is delicious..I enjoy my time every time I go there..One of the coolest place I've been to. Most noticeable thing there is their menu-card which is so creatively written that it makes you feel like eating everything they serve..

Went on a company event. There were veg and non veg starters with drinks (just Kingfisher although this was probably my company's choice). The starters were good. The ambiance is not as good. Small place on the mezzanine floor. Very small counter. Not suitable for a large group.

Disclaimer - since we were staying in the hotel the service was really good. The ambience is really nice to have a romantic dinner. Candlelight dinner with a singer singing is really pleasing. But surprisingly the place is almost always empty. The food is decent. We ordered two soups of which names I don't remember. Both were not tasty. Then we ordered chicken skewers and quesadillas. Loved the quesadillas. Really really tasty. Last word - food not that great but a place one can go to on special...

Good place to Hang-out or Party! Starter had many Varieties like Mushroom, Prawns and Chicken. Main course was nice with Panner and Dal Makhani and Jeera Rice. Chicken mughlai korma Great Desert was good Ambiance was good. Staff was nice Less crowded and near to city   Overall:3.5/5 Ambiance: 4/5 Food:  3/5 Drinks:3.5/5 Staff: 3/5 Value For Money: 3/5  Recommended

Well to begin with its nt much crowded which is a negative thing for a bar.the ambiance and arrangement is gr8 but somehow I feel since its a part of a hotel and Imcorporated inside it lacks d real look n feel of a lounge bar and rest all things were ok ok and bit costly as well.

I will give all the marks for ambience.. A typical romantic, soothing and bliss feel when u get here especially in evenings.... I really love this place so much such that I had organised my kids first bday party here and everybdy came complimented me for choice of venue.. The food is ok .. Service is good.. Visit once in evening

Small place, didn't have stock of a lot of items at 8:45 PM on Sunday. No one was there on Sunday evening. The tandoori chicken pizza they gave me had no tandoori chicken in it, only chicks sausages

If your diet is too much go to US pizza for pizzas and try unlimited offfer. It is awesome and budget friendly. Also, service was provided good. A once must visit place

Had the breakfast buffet over here as it was complimentary  The spread was lavish when it comes to croissants, muffins & cupcakes. The egg counter didn't appeal much to me. The Indian counter was serving okay dishes. Nothing extraordinary. There were 4 options in juices & they were the same both the days ( Had breakfast buffet twice) It was Holi today & they didn't include any Holi specialities in the menu ( Given the fact that there were so many foreigners & they would have got a glimps...

I like the digit 88. It's so full of life. Well, in my opinion, it's painstakingly close to a well deserved century and respectfully beyond the diamond jubilee (a.k.a 75), which people are so vocal about. Also, #EightyEight, the numeral belongs to the era of the 80s, when according to me, the world was just gearing itself up, for what the 1990s could bring on for people of the world.. #TechnologyStatement  88, if displayed on a full LED screen, is the only number where all the light diodes would...

Had been to Eighty Eight for dinner today. The ambience is good, and the atmosphere was peaceful - there were not many people when we went. Coming to the food, the starters were good. The chicken tikka, prawns and fish starter was awesome and the meat was well cooked. However, the veg. kaaju tikki was too oily. Pizza and pasta can be made to order. The staff is polite and accommodating. Found the main course to be ok. The desserts, meanwhile, were really good. There was rasmalai, baked yoghurt w...

Was there in Hyatt for an exhibition. As part of the exhibition my lunch was at Eighty Eight. Ambiance is at par with a star hotel restaurant but the service was not. In the buffet Goan fish curry had no fish, rice was hard & the other dishes in the buffet were also very dry. This was the situation may be  because I came at around 3 pm. But I really relished their Rass malai.

The food was good. Visitors should definitely try the cold coffee and the momos and chicken noodles and chilly chicken. The ambience was average. They should have constructed the restaurant better :(

Very light on pocket..Amazing cold coffee...I have been there..Like each n every day and cold coffee and chinese would always be in my order...

Very light on pocket. Their thick coffee is surprisingly good at 35 bucks! Good place to sit. Feel good ambience. This place is in lane c of koregaon park. Love going to this place. This place is quite famous with wadia students & pretty much everyone in kp. Their kheema is good and thick cold coffee is best

Buddha Paradise as the name suggests, is based on simple concept of a peaceful ambience, good tasty food at a reasonable prices. Try their Chicken Burgers, sandwiches, noodles, Chinese curries, fried rice and cold coffee, you won't get disappointed. However its not a fancy or sophisticated restaurant. It's very modest and attracts plenty of young students and Osho visitors due to its proximity to Osho Ashram. Location is in Koregaon Park Lane C. Nice peaceful place where one can sit and indulge ...

I doubt iv ever rated any review 5... The Sunday brunch is undoubtedly the best iv had in Pune so far.. Besides a vast menu... the warmth n courtesy extended by Chef Roberto... Chef Mark.. Manager Maruti.. and all the ever smiling n helpful youngsters there like Anish.... Another reason to go there is that its a cross over brunch.... fill yourselves with authentic Italian soup... starters.. cold cuts... Pepperoni pizza(the BEST iv had till date).. live grill counters... to a plethora of desserts...

Bene @ Grand Sheraton Bund Garden Pune   A nice lovely Italian menu buffet designed by Chef Roberto was like coming my Italian taste buds wish come true  A live music nice lively barbecue and three layered Italian menu dressed up to fullfill all Italian lunch @ Bene was so tempting.   Chef Roberto was very pleasant and simple down to earth person to explain us what Italian food means and the authentic Italian taste in Italy and India how it has to be maintained to give the pleasure to luxury...

Best Italian restaurant in Pune.everything is perfect including ambiance, food, service. I will be back.headed by Italian chef.Open air garden area looks great.

Italian food at its best!!!! I have been to many italian restaurants but this was not just hatke and awesome but it took italian cuisine to another level. I went with my friends and their families, its was a brunch spread wherein they had separate kids section. Our kids played and did so many activities while we friends got a good time to catch up on each others life. The beautiful Italian ambience, the wonderful Italian head chef who kept visiting our table with his signature dishes straight fr...

It was one o the best meal I had because it was full of surprises. They made a romantic package for us.we got champagne bouquet cake and lot more.heavy on pocket but a true 5* experience.

Ah. It's like a fresh whiff of air amidst the usual bakeries that you find at every corner. Their honey oats cookies are very crunchy and tasty. Tasted the red velvet cake. 'Foodgasm' would be the right word to describe the experience. They even have some delicious pastries and apparently serve Pita breads on order as well. For those who want to visit this place, let me tell you that they have shifted to Kalinga near Persistent, Nal Stop. A must visit!

Well, it's not always that you kinda push aside some guilt and binge on a pastry or some souffle - to say the least, at Chocolate Leaf, post the sinning, I did not hear my conscience complain - in any way ;-)   Great ambience, great fare and the best - Wonderful Hosts - Thanks Shalini & Richa :-) !!

As I was staying at the place so tried their breakfast. Breakfast was delicious with wide range. It has lots of fruits and South Indian items.  Also the staff was courteous.  So overall a great experience.

Stayed at the hotel for a few days and had dined here often. The buffet includes dishes from multiple cuisines Indian and International and the a-la-carte menu is quite broad with a few live counters thrown in. Still if you find yourself craving for something not on the menu, feel free to ask, and the chefs here might surprise you. The service here is impeccable and taste flawless. Recommended place for gourmands who don't mind paying for the classy food.

Not sure about the buffet but I loved the chicken wanton noodle clear soup. I am not a big fan of buffets and this restaurant does live up to Radisson standards when it comes to Ala carte. The icing on the cake was the mango souffle and white forest which was complimentary. Good service and great food quality.

One of the best breakfast buffet in town.  Good variety and mix between north and south indian food and traditional continental breakfast.  The staff is very friendly.  Overall a great experience.

Kerala Food is Good, and Tasty. I can say the Kerala Chicken Curry, Chicken Chettinad served in Chopsticks is awesome. However, the rest of the food is Ok, just like all other restaurants. Please do try the Kerala Paratha which is the speciality of Chopsticks.  If you want to Order food please have enough patience to wait for approximately 1 and half hours.

Ok food, Have lost little bit of focus.

Fastest delivery ever seen (experienced with food order for 3-4 people, not on bulk), order your food and it reaches 15-20 minutes after. Before zomato asks if your food is delivered or not you might finish eating.  Other than delivery, taste is awesome specially for them who like non or mild spicy food. Ask them to make spicier if you like and they add green chilli (instead of red) for that which is awesome. You know what I mean by green and red chilli comparison. :p  Tried chicken biriyani, ro...

On hot afternoon,  entered restaurant.  Ambience will soothen your mind. Tried their dishes which will take you to next level.  Dont know wether was it my hunger or the taste of the food, but was too delighted after coming out from the restaurant.  Full marks for ambience and Food both.

Pretty average place.. I'd commend eating at another place if u are wanting to have exceptional food. This restaurant has an ok ambience and is mostly quiet due to being unoccupied mostly. They serve food which seems to be pretty stale and microwaved.. One good thing is that the food came too early and don't have to wait much

opted for home delivery. their nonvegterian dishes are better than the vegeterian food. service is quick. generous quantity and good quality .

Recommended by a friend for authentic Punjabi food, this place didn't disappoint. Tried their Hyderabadi chicken and chicken tikka masala. The food was rich in flavor and taste, but oily. Good thing, they didn't use artificial color in their gravy. The food was on spicier side, without any instructions for the same. Overall a decent restaurant for a no frills dinner.

One needs to head out to a #Fishbowl to unwind and drown his/her head in saline water, just for the pleasures it brings along.  Welcome to #TheFishbowl, an uptown and extremely classy resto-hideout at #HyattPune. The prime location on the second floor, along with a great ambience that includes minion fountains, beige lights and plush sofa-style chairs, kicks in the tropical look!  With some awesome discounts on the #LittleApp, the dining experience here was amazing. I, along with my lovely marri...

We chose to have our official year end party at this place. Ambience is quite good and I liked the open area they have just round the bar. Food was little tricky to judge as I like certain preparations and didn't like some. Cocktails were good and we enjoyed some great vodka shots. Although mojito was a disappointment which I would not expect being the most basic cocktail. Starters and maincourse had fish preparations which I really liked and it was quite fresh. Gulab jamun and sandesh were awes...

A decent place to visit in the evening time...not so crowded obviously bcoz its in hyatt....so it is more expensive then other lounges near by...ummm the quality of food is not upto the mark as expected ...the ambience is nice no doubt...service is good too...overall 3.5/5

A decent place to spend your evening, rather special evening.   I sat outside of the restaurant, on the terrace, which faces the road and the traffic noise is so very annoying and feels that you are sitting on the road. But then moved inside and the feeling was different altogether.   Being a 5 star hotel and as expected service was very good and food was nice.   All in all be here to experience yourself once.

Though its in Hyatt  The food quality is not upto the mark  The nachos and pizza was tasty  They give nachos in a very different style but the best part would be they seem like they've been freshly baked  sushis are nice but could have been better But the buffets is awful if you want to go there it's better to order from the menu great place for big parties or farewell parties

What a amazing place for Sunday brunch, beautiful ambience and extremely good food. One of the most amazing sushi i have eaten here and also their live grills includes jumbo prawns, fish and chicken teriyaki. They offer smoked salmon, tuna,  crab sushi in brunch also they offer nice selection of sushi's in veg. Make your own soup concept which i like about them also main course is delicious..Well truly amazing food...Big Cheer's to food & beverage manager Mr. Sethuraman who always give best hosp...

Without a doubt the very best Thai restaurant in Pune! Fabulous setting and gourmet Thai food that is spicy and oh! so delicious.  And to add to the experience; you can ask for your favourite wine or request Chef Shubhendu to advise the right wine given the food.  Ban Tao is amongst top favourites in Pune. Chef Shubhendu and his team are doing a phenomenal job of serving a divine culinary experience for people with discerning taste in Pune.  Perfect for an evening out with friends, colleagues an...

A group of three of us went to Baan Tao in Hyatt Pune. The Citi gourmet flavours festival was going on and we were up for a 4 course meal. Uber had a tie up with Citi which allowed for 1 free pick up and drop to and from the property.  Unlike some of the other five star hotels I have been to, the lobby at this place is smaller but well put up nonetheless. We were guided to the 2nd floor restaurant. And what a setting! I would recommend people to sit on the open space area. In fact for couples, ...

Amazing ambience for a romantic date night. The entire experience will leave you very pleased which is very important for a couple looking for quality time, and the food is even more refreshing, best pan Asian menu in Pune. And the service is equally great. Try making reservation for one of the two islands in the water pool next to the waterfall fountain or the pool side tables for best experience

Food, ambiance, hospitality was spot on. Deducted .5 coz my drink was delivered late. I m sure of visiting dis place again, hungry for more.

Located near Zensar in Kharadi, this place is the best bet for some tasty and cost effective north indian food.  Please dont expect great ambiance as this is no frills all food place. They do have a TV in place for some entertainment. Their kitchen is Partially open and one can see the dishes being prepared. Service is acceptable (decent).   The best part is they have dishes available in half and full options that I feel is great. One can taste a variety of dishes and also avoid wastage. It al...

This is saviour whenever I have to have food alone. Pros: # Accepts minimum order of 150 for home delivery  (online or by phone) #Shutsdown late around 11.45pm #Quantity is good #Value for money #Good service  Cons: #The space is too congested #Hygiene 3 out of 5

Punjab rasoi is good Punjabi cooking resturent I like it I have fantastic experien Quality of food good Place is near my working place  Like place

Ambiance good 4.0 Food.       3.5 Service.   4.0 Value for money 4.0  Food is not best but it's good and service is very good . Quantity of food is also good.  I will visit again.

I have a fantastic experience here, food is really nice in terms of quality and quantity as well....as it is very near to my work place I most oftenly come here along with my colleagues....I love all the dishes here especially paneer tikka.

Visited this place for dinner on one of the weekday and we opted for buffet.  Ambience - 4/5 . It's a poolside restaurant and it has nice ambience and sitting arrangement but they do not have high chair in case you are visiting with small babies.  Service - 2.5/5 It seems they have very inexperienced staff. When we arrived at the place the tomato soup was over and for next 20-25 minutes they have not refilled it. We had to ask at-least 5 times for getting it refilled. After few minutes the start...

Its good for buffet lovers but they really made me happy when they served only biryani and a starter which was amazing in taste. Service was good. But the only thing i didnt like was the price of cold drinks and all. Service tax is not mandatory but still they took from me...

Well place is indeed good and so is the food but the ambience is a little ill maintained during summers and honesty the Air Conditions do not seem to work and thats where the issue arises...

Visited During One Of My Stays In Pune ! Amazing Poolside Restaurant Serving Good Buffet With Averagely Priced !  Service Is Fine With Amazing Taste !

Yo place to hang out! love the nonveg - dum mutton biryani, mughlai, malvani, tandoor tooooo much!! with this Bar is ++ also, gr8 seating arrangement for big groups as well, 'coz har ek friend zaroori hota he!!! Cheers

Always love all aabacha dhaba branches... But this one is big, upscale yet affordable..m I guess 1st bar - restau whr whole family can go...

Got a chance to visit this place recently on a friends birthday, pretty basic interiors, to the point menu and neat placement of things. Food was nice, tasty, a very Maharashtrian feel to it. Quantities are humongous !!! Would have been better if the attendant knew that. He suggested a portion would be enough for two but 4 of us ended up finishing it.  Nice place, not out of the way, in Katraj vicinity for a quiet evening out with friends or family.

This village in the city has many states within it... Food Fun Folklore.... Nice for a family outing and worth it.. Food very nice.. I can say that the Gobi manchurian I had over there is the best ever I have had in recent times.. the service is good too.. there wasn't lassi ready but I got them on request quickly made... Bhakri and Pitla outstanding..   Really enjoyed in this highly sophisticated village

This is a pure veg restaurant-cum fun place, which seems like a mini-chokhi dhaani. lots of fun activities happen here, like puppet show, dandiya, nat naach and many more. one can go there by 7 PM and enjoy till 9 PM then have dinner. being a buffet system, you will find extensive menu which one can not get enough of. food is very good, and the service is amazing. must go in group of 4 and above. more people, more enjoyment.

Loved it. Amazing to visit here with friends and family. Everything is just perfect.. Being a non veg person I recommend to try everything in veg and non veg. No scope of disappointment.

Excellent ambience,amazing music and delicious food. Dinner buffet is for Rs.510/- (Veg & Non-Veg) and is absolutely worth it!! Must Haves:- Chicken wings, Biryani, Dal tadka, jalebi and chanch  Avoid:- Chinese

Good place to visit for ambience. But if you are looking for food then there are better places then this. Menu is not something very big or special. Service is good staff is good and trained.

When I visited this place it was re development and management has been changed. Still food needs more attention from staff. Non vegetarians can find good options, as of taste. But vegetarians may get disappointed. Whole menu is over listed with multiple cuisines and dishes, which I think needs to be short but worth in terms of management. Kebabs are good in non vegetarians section.

The ambience is good but the service and the food is pathetic.I visited once and we ordered chilly prawns and it took them ages to bring it and when we tasted it ,there was no essence of prawns in it and that's when we called for bill (that also took ages for them) and walked out of the restaurant.

Ambience is okay. Service is good. But food is so pathetic.. We could not even eat what we had ordered. They should change their cooks. Won't dare to visit this place again.

I mostly visit here with family. . Based on my latest visit here . . We ordered masala papad , manchow soup , mushroom chilly . . Masala papad was good my all time fav. . Soup was disgusting i just had 2 sip and i left the whole soup as it is , it was total bland . . Coming to mushroom chilly let me tell you m a big fan of mushroom so i was very excited to eat that but this also disappointed me i had 2 3 pieces again i left all . . Decor is good , presentation also good  but food also need to be...

Two years back this place sucked. Surprisingly,  there has been good improvements in the food quality now.  I had a variety of meat and vegetarian finger food and main course and all were delightful. The chicken was especially tender,  well marinated and we'll cooked.   Staff can be little less dull.  This place is located on the choc o block banner road a. K. A 'eat street' . There s a parking for 5-6 cars here.

Regalia Restro and Lounge... We went there on Diwali night. AMBIENCE was soothing and relaxed with light instrumental   SERVICE was great with skilled and helpful staff. We ordered cream of tomato soup ,cheesy garlic mushrooms  as starter and vegetable biriyani   for main course. FOOD was delicious and mouth watering.Food presentation was very appealing. The only thing we felt bit improper was the 'Vast Menu'...We got confused between soup selection only. The menu was divided int...

We had a Team dinner party in Regalia.Food was awsm...specially the cheese balls.Staffs were very behavioral. DJ was also good.I will recommend this place for Team parties.

Filled to the Brim with stuff that is not from here....love this place and how it stocks up my favorite chips and meats and cheeses.....everytime at home we plan a party we shop from here and end up making a magnificent meal....thanks for getting us all that we want but don't easily get elsewhere...!!!

Tuttobenne is filled with stuff that I usually shop for back home.. Plus a lot of new stufff... For a import store they are very well set up and are properly distributed. They also give a nice verity of fresh sandwiches that are made from the meat they import. The BLT Sandwich here is good worth every penny. The best part about this place is that it is affordable compared to other import stores. Kudos to the fellow who came up with the idea of opening a deli here....!!

Great stock of products, homely service,  and possibly the only sandwiches I've eaten in Pune, that don't crumble after the first bite. Yum!

Siapa suka salad? Bagi iday salad dekat Viv's Boutique Cafe sedikit berbeza dari mana-mana tempat iday review sebelum ni sebab salad disini diletakkan mango citrus dressing. Hidangan sedap ni boleh diorder dengan harga RM14.90 . Oh, ada bread crumbs! Tak pernah taw bread crumbs sedap kalau makan dengan salad. Korang patut try :)  Iday sebenarnya tak sangka dekat Viv's Boutique Cafe ada Bento Set. Hahaha Padahal nama pon kedai Asian fusion kan. Islam's faveret la ni. Dia bukan letak nasi putih ca...

Do you know that Departure Lounge has recently just converted its cafe at Solaris Mont Kiara to a new restaurant called Wanderlust? The departure from a cafe to a restaurant idea was sprung out by its owners as they do not want to serve only good coffee but also good food. So fans of Departure Lounge, you can continue to enjoy great coffee at their newly opened restaurant called Wanderlust.  Last week, we were invited by Wanderlust to have some samples on their food. Our dinner took off ...

A Humber Lakeshore student favorite, with their wing nights and beer. I personally like this place, but I like Brooklyn Haus a little better, and that's mainly because there are a couple of servers who aren't the friendliest. It is essentially a sports bar, with usually a good noisy crowd. On wing nights, its 60 cents a wing.

A new hang out place that been open 2 month back...if not mistaken...hehe Alot food & drink selection to be order....... The shop Located same Row With Publicbank SS2,Before This NEW Shop of food talk Cafe,it was hainan coffee if you familiar With SS2....

The food is excellent... best uthapa in pune. ... amazing spdp...and the sambhar is awesome..

Ever since I got introduced to this place , which was almost two years ago, I couldn't stop raving about this place to all my friends. This is literally 'the place' to get all your cold cuts, cheese and other gourmet delicacies.  But the sandwiches are why I kept going there time and again. My favourite is Hey Pesto which is priced for only 100 bucks. And there are sandwiches called anything , something, and everything! Where else can you find a place which such funky names for all their salads ...

This place opened first near my home in camp when I use to go to school! Started by being my favourite after school snack and now years later I still enjoy my walk down to the store in kp when I'm I town to pack myself a little lunch or a takeaway to Mumbai on the ride back.  Apart from having several scrumptious imported goodies  they also have their sand which counter.  I can never get over how good the prices are they make me so happy. Living in Bombay everything is over priced and most of it...

Such awesome food in such a small place! Difficult to find..but totally worth it. Best sandwiches <3 We ordered the Great Zeus sandwich and Chimichuri Tofu, both of which were awesome! They also have a grocery store below, which has the best cheese available. Do visit!!

This place stocks some amazing products from around the world that you're unlikely to find at many other places.   They stock some great cold cuts too.   But what I visit very often for are their deli sandwiches. They're delicious. The best sandwiches on their menu are the Mufasa, The Bubba Special and The Chicken Caesar. They're generous with the meat and cheese and the staff is friendly. Perfect take out joint.

A great little place for sandwiches! Wide variety and fresh ingredients... They will refuse to serve if ingredients are not to their standard!!! Never been disappointed with their sandwiches and offers home delivery. Wide collection of food items, condiments, cold cuts etc. One advise though take a look at the expiry date before you purchase.

Ambience: Sitting arrangement on the top and city view from couple deck is only the plus.. Food: Average but very expensive. Services is very slow.

Place needs some huge amendments right from the ambience to food! Don't get attracted to it just because of its location. Though I have been there for a lunch...it may have some different atmosphere at night. But I don't think taste would differ to any extent.

This place used to be one of my favourites. I've been visiting probably for the last ten years. But the last four times were very disappointing. We ordered for a couple of chicken kebabs and they were hard and chewy. Some chunks had the marinade some didn't. The waiters were clueless about the soups they serve. Service was very laid back. Had to ask 4-5 times for a glass of water. Their gravies also have lost their quality. One gravy we ordered was overtly oily and the other was not homogeneous,...

Had been here fr nt really a planned dinner.... Well, quite big space but not well-maintained...The view from here is good but few other restaurants near around have better ones! Had ordered chicken kababs n a drink...Hmm...Okay okay food...Decided to skip the main course( bas aise hi)... place needs upgradation...

Loved it. Comfort food, tasty, properly priced,nice location. Recommended. Especially the hash;combo of meats which put together tastes perfect.   Recommended. Student friendly pricing.nice location.

Hfuf7f hj fyfhfhxydxf. Ttjf fyydjdfhhfh ffhg gfdfhfgjh cdeffstjh jjhgfdetyh bcxdgh fDgh gghgggfggffghvghh gfdfhfgjh fghjgd ffthhgh f trickeries hefajoti gghgggfggffghvghh

So for all my unhealthy and burger craving I landed here. My friend really likes the chicken steak burger here. So I landed here. It's a cool small place to hangout. Liked the sitting arrangement, which was casual. I tried the veg burger and really liked it. The fries which they serve as a sider were really tasty and good to munch on with the burger. It's really good place for burger. Must visit.

Read about some good reviews in Zomato and thought to visit the placing in between our shopping time.A small cafe with having both indoor and outdoor seating arrangements.The management is ok, but I have to say the service was really slow. There was limited people, the also we have to wait for food for long time.The food was quite fine, we ordered roasted chicken sandwich, cheese pasta and coffee.Sandwich and pasta were quite good in taste.Overall an average place to spend time with our partner ...

Not a very fancy looking place, as no efforts have really been put into the interiors but not too bad either. Both indoor and outdoor seating facilities, which makes it appropriate for any mood.  A well designed menu with not too many things to confuse you with.  Tried the Pink sauce pasta, which was upto the mark. Creamy, saucy and absolutely delicious! Went for the Red sauce pasta after having the first round but it was a complete let down, average. The pasta is served with pesto chilli sandwi...

Loved it. Comfort food, tasty, properly priced,nice location. Recommended. Especially the hash;combo of meats which put together tastes perfect.   Recommended. Student friendly pricing.nice location.

Hfuf7f hj fyfhfhxydxf. Ttjf fyydjdfhhfh ffhg gfdfhfgjh cdeffstjh jjhgfdetyh bcxdgh fDgh gghgggfggffghvghh gfdfhfgjh fghjgd ffthhgh f trickeries hefajoti gghgggfggffghvghh

So for all my unhealthy and burger craving I landed here. My friend really likes the chicken steak burger here. So I landed here. It's a cool small place to hangout. Liked the sitting arrangement, which was casual. I tried the veg burger and really liked it. The fries which they serve as a sider were really tasty and good to munch on with the burger. It's really good place for burger. Must visit.

Read about some good reviews in Zomato and thought to visit the placing in between our shopping time.A small cafe with having both indoor and outdoor seating arrangements.The management is ok, but I have to say the service was really slow. There was limited people, the also we have to wait for food for long time.The food was quite fine, we ordered roasted chicken sandwich, cheese pasta and coffee.Sandwich and pasta were quite good in taste.Overall an average place to spend time with our partner ...

Not a very fancy looking place, as no efforts have really been put into the interiors but not too bad either. Both indoor and outdoor seating facilities, which makes it appropriate for any mood.  A well designed menu with not too many things to confuse you with.  Tried the Pink sauce pasta, which was upto the mark. Creamy, saucy and absolutely delicious! Went for the Red sauce pasta after having the first round but it was a complete let down, average. The pasta is served with pesto chilli sandwi...

Went there for a morning breakfast. Quite a calm place and quick service. WIFI wasn't working and the token display was out if service, staffs were finding it difficult to callout the orders

The New Mexican cheesy fries is just finger licking good !!! Enjoyed every bit of it with their thick shake and a cheese cake!! Wouldn't mind having it often!!!

Need to improve a lot.

Just like any Good Mc D. but the staff are not clear in communication. They just assume and try to force their choice of meal combos. they are very impatient with customers who take couple of seconds extra to think what to order.  Not everyone who visits will be well versed with  McD menu. They  need to address this else except Mc D fans no one ll want to visit again.

I'm loooovvvvviiiiinnnnnnnnggggggg  ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT BEST PLACE TO HANGOUT WITH KIDS  Self service fun and awesome ambience

The mall is closed now only the cinema and starbaza is operative with some food court and children play place... No much crowd for mall... So do for McDonald's so do drop in service..

This restaurant has changed to Dekhuru...which has so called speciality in Bengali food! They also serve some of the Indian Mughlai dishes along with Bengali food menu!  Good ambience but nothing so great about food! At the same time its not bad either! But  I had much better bengali food at few other restaurants in Bangalore!

This place has got very good ambience and is worth visiting.

Great ambience. Prices are not very high. Food is ok

McDonald's tops the list for quick & filling but unhealthy option for lunch or dinner. But can't help it going there once in three months. I am not a regular here but enjoy my food here each time. As I am a pure vegetarian , French fries & a sachet of peri peri masala is my most ordered item from their menu. Another item is Alu wrap. Spicy potato filling in a maida based wrap is a must try. Never ever try the egg burger as it's completely disaster. My favourite is fanta float & Vanilla Sof...

Well, as every McD serves the same menu and standardized taste, all comes down to service and the ambiance and the location.  Well,  this has got a convenient location.  Maintained ambience and a huge sitting space on the upper floor.  Service is friendly and quick.  A good option to have a quick meal when running on low budget..  As McD is always a saviour!!

McDonald's  A huge chain linked restaurants across the country, making a good name since years. They have huge number of outlets in the city with their own standards. This outlet is there since quite good number of years. Located opposite to Cubbon Park Police Station, attached to Bharath Petroleum. They do have drive in restaurant.   Headed this noon to have some meal and Beverages. They keep cycling the menu according to the offers. Ordered for Share for 2. This meal comes with 2 choices of bu...

Me an my friends been to mc donald like allways good chicken burgers and crushes very taste and fresh tender chicken meats awesome. Yummmmm Good price.

Food- 3.5/5 Ambience-4/5 Service-4/5 Hygiene- 4/5 Price- 4/5 Parking- 3/5 ( Getting parking spot can be challenging, though drive though works out).  Well its a McD. What stands out is the drive in facility. This gives this joint a US McD sorts feeling. The service is quit fast. Ordered the regular Chicken Maharaja Burger and Veg Pattie. There was a bit of grumbling when I wished to use up a offer I got. But they obliged it. Apart from that, it was a regular McD kind of experience.

214  Ambiance: Usual McD ambiance, but this one is a large outlet. As Kemp fort mall has only two places as main dine in options, this McD outlet attracts a lot of people.  Food: We ordered two Mc Chicken burgers, a big spicy Mc Wrap and two Cold Coffees. Mc Chicken burgers - Burgers were hot and prepared well. Was tasty too. Spicy Mc Wrap - The best one in the lot. The chicken piece used in the wrap was fresh, extremely crispy and delicious. As this one was the big wrap, it could fill the tu...

It's like any other McD. Nothing great. But it serves breakfast and although i had better breakfast in one of the Mumbai branches it's still doable. It's on the ground floor of Kempfort fall, erstwhile Total mall.

McDonald's have the reputation and they justify that in many ways. Taste and food I am not gonna review. I will review only ambience and staff.  Comparing to others outlet.  Ambience: 4.5/5.0 Staff courtesy: 4.0/5.0  I share many memories here. Always love to be here.

We visited this store a few days back at 10'o clock in the night and this store lives up to the expectations we had in terms of the taste as far as the MC Donalds franchise is considered. We ordered the combo for two which gave us two Aloo tikki burgers (one in Lebanese flavour and the other in Mexican), two medium cokes, one medium fries and two soft serves. The weird part about the soft serve is that the vanilla ice-cream didn't melt even after half an hour which talks a lot about the quality ...

This is like any other MCDONALD'S and the ambience remains the same....it usually is not crowded as there is a large variety of restaurants in its vicinity.....Orders are given out pretty quick and can't find a fault in it....it's like any other McDonald's.....

Good fast food joint when in hurry. Seating space is limited and usually filled. Veg burger,  a softie and fries was good. Located near to Ms ramiah hospitals.

Slooooooooow Service is the highlight of this outlet. But yes, I have seen outlets which works much much slower pace than this. So, I'm generously giving 3.5 rating to this outlet.  Located few meters away from the MS Ramaiah Signal, it attracts a huge crowd even on a weekday. Maybe due to its competitive pricing or its outdoor seating it has a large number of patrons than any other similar restaurants on the same road.  AMBIENCE: If you want to reach the serving counter, first you must walk th...

Just like other outlets. Food is nice and service is prompt. They do have a card program. Loyal customer service in which they give good offers. I used the most out of the coke offer where they give you coke for 5 bucks. We exploited it a lot!!

Went along with a friend to this place and this time we tried Mac Maharaja Jr Burger along with Soft Cone. Just like other burgers of Mac D Mac it wads good at taste & as always Softy has same taste ;)

Eaten here with some of my office mates. Have a respect for this mc donalds only because they gave us a change for 2000 rupee note. Not so different from others.

The usual MCD taste not a slightest bit of deviation. But MCD should innovate new products because the vegetarians generally don't have much option here.

It is really good be here if you wanna grab something fast and really hungry.   But most of the time French fries are not crispy which put me off.

This McDonalds us abt 5min walking distance from my house,  so it very easy to go eat there,  the quality of service is good there, ambience is good there,  but is quite busy as there is a it Park right opposite to it,   service time is good all in all a good place for a snack.

Tried mc  chicken Burger. Nice service and ambiance. Friend tried veg maharajara burger. Quality and quantity wise maharaja burger is perfect for snacks.

Another outlet in sigma mall is quite good at ambience and service . As what other outlets serve this serves the same.  Burgers softy etc. Worth going to the place

The reason of rating 4/5 to this outlet of McD is despite being one of the small outlets in Bangalore, all the food that they served are always hot be it Pizza Mc-Puff, Mc-Egg Burger, Mc-Aloo tikki, and we have to wait for them to get at a normal temperature. Earlier they were not serving Fliet-O-Fish whole menu in their outlet due to which was disappointing, but finally they started it so the USP of this outlet according to me is "the items in the menu over here in this outlet are always served...

Hi All, I visited this place with my colleagues. We ordered maharaja burger and cock Place:3/5 Service:3/5 Ambience:3/5 Overall good place to hangout with colleagues and friends.

Standard McDonalds menu. The outlet is spacious, but has very few visitors due to its location - Sigma mall on Cunningham Road. We frequent this place for office treats or quick bites. McDonalds is a hit with us for their happy meal toys that keep changing every month based on latest movie releases.

Just another Mac D outlet and we ordered Mac Veggie & Aaloo tikki meal this time. Burgers were good as usual. We tried Mango smoothie  as part of Testing going on in outlet and it was also good.

Honestly speaking its ok ok type! Not so good! Just for time pass u can go! Quantity is very less... Not sufficient for 1 person... But being a coffee addict I must say coffee is good indeed... U can try their ice cream cone also... Nothing else to say!

McDonald's  A huge chain linked American cusine restaurants in the city with their own standards and Hygiene.  Located near BDA complex on 14th main, Sector 7. Easy to access.  Outlet is designed in the way that Ground floor has Kitchen & Couple of settings, followed by 1st floor has entire site of Dine in with multi cusine infrastructure.   Ordered Mc Veggie meal & Mc Chicken meal, both the meal had Med Fries & Coke with respective Burgers.  Burgers were fresh & hot served. They hardly took 5 m...

Perfect restaurant,especialy the biriyani yummy and all other foods are sooo tasty,everyone must try otherwise its a loss for you :) The only problem is its difficult to find,but with google map its easy :)

Ordered multiple times and really happy. Kerala appam and stew was really good. Overall really happy with the food @ folklore. I recommend folklore....

Folklore catered our house warming function. The service and food were great and the prices were reasonable. Would have given the full 5 rating if it were not for the fact that they were 30 minutes late in completing the initial setup.

Not very hygienic and that is a big turn off. Food is average and do not appear fresh. However one of the few places where you can get beef and the dish never disappointed!

This place is hidden in a gully. U have to search for it. But God what amazing food to die for. Beef roast, chicken roast, prawn roast, bullet rice, chicken curry, mutton roast, appam, roti. N u r straight to heaven. Must visit. Ambience is average. Very friendly staff. Carry cash as card and ptm might not be available all the time. It's an orgy.

Went last night with friends. Surpb music and ambience .Happy hours deal was extremely good. Would recommend to try out in electronic city. They had pool table which is additional craziness for sports lover like us. The food specifically chilly chicken was mouth watering and staffs are always happy to serve you. The manager Mr Malik and team is very energetic and passionate to do their job. Altogether we spent a great moment at terminus. Great place to visit and we like to visit again.. Thanks t...

I found the food and the place okayish.  A good option for e-city people.  Ambience is good.  Events are organized on a regular basis.  All in all worth an occasional visit.

One of the few pubs in e city. Hence visited often by the office crowd even though it is on the higher side of the pricing spectrum. They benefit from almost no competition. The interiors seem very outlandish and impractical. Music played is quite good depending on the time and day. We just tried some short eats and they were good but overpriced for the quantity.

Been there twice along. the drinks are a bit over priced. But ambience is really nice.. good to go once. Food option is very limited. But, the guys at the bar counter was really friendly and gave me company for the whole time :).

Fried mozzarella and Peri Peri fries are recommendable. It has been quite sometime when I visited there. But we still talk about its fried mozzarella, it was soooooo good. My friends have tried cocktails and shots here, it was good as they said.  I had virgin mojito which was good. We also had baby corn chilly which was too good. Service was good and also the ambience. Would like to visit again.

Perfect for a noisy hangout with beer and the trademark chicken wings! Take a detour with the dirty fries and burgers and you would be thanking your stars! A great package with a quaint ambience which draws you here every now and then! And yes, the place does lead to building up massive memories!  Cheers!

The food was okay, not too great. Ordered the loaded nachos, 1doz chicken wings and pulled chicken.  The nachos were tasty but I've def had better chicken wings and the pulled chicken was sweet which I didn't like.

What a place! What an amazing experience! I didn't try their ABS (Ass Busting Spicy) challenge, but I did try their ABS chicken wings and guess what, they were Ass Busting Spicy! :D  Then we tried their Chicken Irish Nachos to sooth us a little, what I liked the most was they weren't readily available nachos, it was made in-house!   Then came Chicken Lasagna, loved the presentation  and it was made to perfection! It was served with a garlic bread as side which just enhanced the experience.   ...

We went here for the Tuesday deal. Being college students, we heard that the deal went on till 6 according to their menu on Zomato. Imagine our surprise when they said the deal got over at 4! Even regulars among us were amazed.  They need to update their info as its quite misleading. The wings. They were the best I've had. The sauces were amazing, creamy buffalo, spicy garlic and honey chilli with their own mayo dip. The ambience is really chill and its a fun place to hang out, but they really d...

Since the online was confusing and not able to order,I came to the store and asked the guy to help. And to my surprise he ordered it for me.Mr. Ranjeet, just because of you I am giving 5 star that I have never given to anyone.

I visit this place quite regularly and never was i disappointed with service or taste :-) their new addition with Lasgne and baked pasta is good :-) new dessert section also looks good but pricing is at higher side which is quite unnecessary ..if u want pull crowd slash those extra bucks ;-) overall good experience with service specially once i informed them about my time crunch and ordered lasagne and personal pizza and got the order with bill in 35min :-)   5star - for service 4star - for tast...

My parents and I had lunch at this place.  Pro's: good service, very tasty food, buffet had very good variety. Veg dimsum, crispy vegetable, fried rice, veg manchurian, salads and the talumein soup was excellent. The caramel custard was made very well.  Con's: the cakes for desserts were dry and the gulab jamun was not very nice.  Overall, recommended!

Ordered via zomato, food came in perfectly on time. We had ordered for special 6 vegetables curry, some Hakka noodles and Singapore noodles. The food was tasty specially the curry. Singapore noodles could hVe been better and cabbage should have been little less. Quantity enough for 3 to eat. Total bill was about 600 which was decent for 3.

Nice ambiance, food was very good & tasty..mainly the starters prawns were too good & the clear soup also.went there for hubby's birthday celebration..had a grt time.

This is one back dated review pending from my side. I had gone to this place with my friends for lunch. And we had buffet over here. They had quite large varieties of item. To start with we had both veg n non-veg soups then starters n then we finished our lunch with desserts via main course. I liked their main course but their starters were just OK. A decent place to go, but I would prefer some other place over it if given a choice.

I guess , the address on Zomato given is wrong or may be this place is closed. I have eaten at this place at forum Value mall whitefield, But I couldn't find that on Zomato, Hence writing the review here .   Zomato people might want to take a note and update the address for this place.   This place opened  in forum value mall around a year ago , I have eaten here only once  . I like trying other than indian Cuisines and actually Mexican after eating at Taco bell , Has been one of my favourites. ...

Even though I haven't tried any mexican joint other than Taco Bell, i found LebMex good. The food was tasty (no prior reference to judge), a vegetarian joint for some good food. I had ordered a Paneer Shawarma and a falafel. They were both tasty didn't feel heavy on my pockets. But the best thing about the place was that we could hang out for a long time. Even though we had been on a saturday evening, the place was not crowded and we had a hell of a time. The service was decent and the crowd was...

The Tower Kitchen is a brilliant place to eat at in UB City. I tried their grilled tofu with soba noodles (minus the wasabi mayo) and it was an extremely well plated and an equally delicious dish. Service was top notch, and we had a great time eating there.

An elegant combination of black and red is the theme here with large icons of kitchen implements. Coffee brown and green sofas work as relief colours around the restaurant.   Food The elaborate menu spans across European cuisine, both classical and inspired.  Flourless wild mushroom lasagne with asparagus and hazelnut Beurre noir are awesome,  its was made with reduced mushroom puree, then solidified into sheets and served with morels and sherry jus. It tasted nice .  The sous vide (cooked in...

Went to this place last week! On top on the 16th floor of UB city. Its one of the finest European restaurant i have come across! A huge contrast in nature to the very popular. I must say its a very good place u ll get impressed without fail.

It is not more than 2 weeks that I have been to this restaurant but it seems like I have been waiting for ages to write my assessment. From the onset till the exodus, the entire experience was worth mentioning.   Tower Kitchen, the sister concern of Skyye Lounge is simply an overwhelming place to come for an ornamental dinner. Yes, the twilight hour is better than the daylight though the place is worth a visit no matter which time you pop in. I had been here with my brother and a common friend f...

Okay, this place seriously needs work. Let me start:  Gnocchi plate had maybe 5 pieces of gnocchi? If it's under the main course section, I expect it to atleast fill me up slightly?  Friend got the new zealand lamb. Tasted good, but a little gamey on the edges. I feel like I can point out something like this when the price of the dish is 1900 - some rs!  Desert was not required - because the food was so underwhelming.   You have the best spot in bangalore - view - exclusivity - everything! So wh...

I visited this place with my friends, it wasn't that bad the food was also good and yes the ambiance was pretty nice.

Entering this restaurant takes you to another era, another place. If you're dining at Food Freaks, be prepared to experience grandeur :) Like I say, the choices on our first visit decides if we are going to like this place or not. So We went here with my In-Laws and loved the place. . Rooftop ambiance is always a welcome and this one lives up to it. Has a good spread of appetizers (Veg Platter - Tandoori Style was amazing)  The decor, the beautiful paintings all over the walls, the lighting - ar...

Went here on a Saturday night. We had to reserve a table for 11 people. They provided us with a table on the rooftop.   Ambience:  The rooftop seems like a private space. It's cozy and nice. They have a screen and they played the music we wanted. They have a couple of swing chairs that were so comfy.  I liked the fact that it seemed private and the service even for just us who occupied the whole place on top was pretty fast.   Food & Drinks: We happened to order the BBQ wings, a lemon chicken, n...

Awesome place to visit.. Went with my friends for a hangout there . Loved the beer tower wid some testy snacks along the side. Shout out for my boy Mr PRABIN , loved his hospitality n his behaviour , nice guy to meet in a new place .. THANKS FOR MAKING OUR DAY PRABIN will visit soon..

I haven't been here in a while but this place does one of the best Karaokes in town. Their Malabar beef curry is a favourite. If you love retro music and a crowd that loves the same, Wednesday nights at roadhouse is a must!

Pretty good, no crowd on a sunday evening. Decent food decent prices. Nothing great about the music. Best part was they were playing cricket.

This outlet has big queues if you do not go early.  The staff is quick and professional.  The mini Burrito and rice bowls are good options.  The Mexican Samosa is very tasty.  They do not have good drink options.  Please come up with good options.  Pink nimbu pani is not good.

Such irony. I wrote my first review and a positive one for the Garuda mall branch and my thoughts are quite opposite this time. Ordered chilli rojo paneer with nachos as base to go. Paid extra bucks for guacomole but there wasn't any in the box when I got it. Also, the quantity was less.

This is definitely a place worth try if you have not visited yet. Inside our office campus and it was first time i was trying CB...bowl filled with mayo and cheese on top and inside peri peri potato and nachos, i was already excited to have it. I really liked it and quantity was more. Prices were pocket friendly.

I was missing the Qdoba chain and craving a nice rice bowl with guac ever since I returned. I now atleast know of a place that makes reasonably decent guacamole:) service was a bit amateurish but that perhaps is reasonable given that this is not exactly a fine dining place. A good place to have a lunch meeting.

Whenever we think of a meal with good quantity of veggies, a slight Indian taste with the spicy not from the usual chilly, we think Mexican. California burrito is surely a place to go to for all of the above. We ordered - Chilli Rojo chicken salad : Excellent Rojo flavors coming through the usual combination of sauces, beans, lettuce et al. The smoked chilli flavor was perfect for the cold weather. Caribbean chicken bowl : I have at least one rice bowl at this place because I think the sauces, b...

One of the best icecream joints in town is Corner House. Offers the most delicious flavours at reasonable rates. Ambiance is also very supportive for meetups, hanging around or a family outing per say.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED... MUST VISIT

Almond fudge with chocolate ice-cream... must try if you are chocolate lover. There are lot of chocolate and non-chocolate (I'm choco blind :p) ice-creams, place is clean and service is good as well.. Love corner house !!

Death by chocolate is must try  For death by chocolate this is the only place to go  Quite simple place in the neighbourhood  Amazing ambience !!! Good place

Superb!!! I love ice cream with lots of nuts! N so this place is only for me!!! Love their chocolate,brownies n nuts combination... Yummy! Anytime I can dig into a big bowl of their hot chocolate fudge! The best ice cream parlour I ever been till date! Keep it up!

Corner house for me is a no nonsense dessert place that doesn't try to rip you off for just a couple of scoops. Don't let the ambience fool you, all items on the menu taste fantastic!  Watch out for those calories though.  Have a good time eating here!

Though i have seen this restaurant from outside a few times, i never dared to step in, i was never sure how oriya food tasted.  So one Friday noon with a few of my office buddies, i ventured into this restaurant.  This place is right on the ring road, just before the Indian oil petrol pump (on the left side when u travel from marathahalli to old airport).  Its on the second floor and as soon as u enter the place, you know u have reached a destination to fill ur tummy.  The menu is well defined w...

Been passing "Odishi" for the past few weeks but did not have the 'guts' to stop there with the heavy traffic coming at you from all sides. Its located at the end of Marathahalli towards the Old Airport at the "T" crossing, which makes parking/stopping more difficult.  Yesterday being Sunday, and that to at 1330 hrs, traffic was at its minimum. Parked the car on the opposite side  and the wife and I dared to walk across and see the insides first before deciding. Its on the second floor so had to...

This is the only good restaurant in Marathahalli area, where you can find variety of foods with a good taste in a affordable price.

I love the taste of the food that is served here specially mushroom manchurain my fav :).. also the ambience of this restuarant is very nice and soothing. After having your meal from here you will not feel that you have wasted your money but you will feel you have invested for a good taste.

My mossstest fav donut chain..!! I tried every where and tried it here too but i hve never been to a proper outlet..!! Ds s the first outlet i visited and i liked it and i love each and every flavoured donut over der..!! I love it...!!

Earlier donut prices wer 55 nw it has been raised to 60.....almost 18 varities are available.....donuts tastes gud service provided by the staff is really good....i would love to visit this place again and again.....hope they start sme bevarages wid donut

I am not a donut  lover however I still went to place just to see if something amazing I can get there. The environment is good, the donuts are ok. They have some good varieties however the quality can be improved

This is the first time I bought the donuts as a take away.. I chose this place as it was near to my home and took the strawberry, chocolate and blueberry flavours.. It was not good and never went to this place again..

Raichur restaurant food is good with discipline people and I heard women's are beautiful there and kind of hills station place to stay there.....

After a very long crave for a better Chicken biryani. Finally found this place near BTM. (spl Hyd Bawarchi chicken biryani) chicken is juicy with pepper and lime essence. Ambience is not so good, so people usually prefer a take away(as the surrounding place is crowded with PGs). Best value for money with respect to  service and taste.  Ambience: 2/5  Service: 4.5/5  Taste: 4.5/5

A quick and easy eatery right off the 24th Main and feels in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Bangalore home bound traffic. Their Lassi and Gol Gappas  are delicious. And the flavor to the other food recipes on their menu are quite different.   Service may differ from person to person. Its a busy place, so be ready for a crowd....

Just another quick eat or take out! Love the lassi served in a mug

Nice food. North indian taste.

Raintree is this beautiful bungalow converted into a shopping arcade with designer stores and space for exhibitions. It has this lil' cafe that serves just the right portion size, which is a big thumbs up for me. With a lot of sunlight and eye pleasing decor, Raintree is the perfect place to spend your afternoons at.

Awesome ambience with old world feel. Okay food to nibble along a good cup of coffee, great place to spend a leisurely hour. And to die for shopping treat..

Peacefull place???? good food but no veg dishes ???? overall place is good ???? would recommend ppl who would like quiet place for a coffee and can talk peacefully ????

Love the fact that this place is so unknown. It's quiet and peaceful and you can totally hide out here with a good book and have a nice coffee.

I was a bit surprised when this juice junction also had your usual food variety.  Not the best of places to have food but good enough for a working meal

Perfect for super quick bite. Easy on pocket.  Good food. Amazing varieties.  Forever crowded ( thanks to the food offerings) One of my regular quick bite joints.

Very good sandwiches. I ordered two thinking the quantity might be less. But i was able to finish only 1.5 and i was full. The chocolate milkshake was tasty too. Reasonable pricing makes it a good place to visit more often.

Always bustling with people, this is a small eatery on the 27th main road in HSR. There is no place to sit; only some tables are kept to stand and eat. They have juices, shakes, teas, sugarcane juice, idli, dosas, meals, chhola bhatura, pani puri, veg rolls; so a potpourri of things and the prices are nominal.  The place is clean and well maintained and the kitchen visibly hygienic. The time to get your order is short. Even though the place is crowded, there is a consistent outflow since the ser...

I am a pure bengali and I just love sweets. I have been here so many times. I like sweets here. Though they are not that much tasty as Kolkata's sweets. But it is good and you can get good sweets here.  If I start telling my list of choice of sweets it will not end,  but here my favourite is Baked Rosogolla.

Heard that their sweets are the best bengali sweets in bangalore. So visited them twice to give them a fair trial ! :)  Mouchak - just another fried and dipped chenna based sweet . Sandesh- had the channa based one. I think they got this one right . The wooden spoon also liked its texture. The sugar was just perfect. Raj bhog - All sugar , hardly any flavour. This one let me down completely.  So, are they better than the popular bengali sweets chain( you know them ) in bangalore ??? I don't thin...

Any Bengali foodie would like to visit this place who has sweet tooth. We friends ordered for radha pollobi and few mishtis. Radha pollobi tasted very delightful though the alu dom didn't have that typical taste and i found it bland. In mishti lengcha, kalo jaam, mishti doi, rasmalai was absolutely fine but the rajbhoj from which I had too much expectations turned out to be hard and tasteless. Overall the place is life saviour for Bengali sweet lover in Bangalore.

Everything is great about Banchharam... the shingara, radhabollobi, sweets like Chitrakoot, baked rosogolla, kheerkodom are all awesome. Taste almost as good as their Kolkata original store. Only sad part you dont get the Banchharam ghee.

I had been fan of Bancharams all the times..!! Same taste and i tried all sweets here..!! The only problems with restaurants in Marathalli is its dusty exteriors coz of theroads..!!! It pains me to go der n eat..!!

When you enter this place, as a bengali, you will be shell shocked seeing the prices. Then when you make peace with the prices and decide to try the sondesh, mishti doi or the rasmalai (Anything for that matter), you will forget the prices and wreak havoc on the place.  This is the only (The only.) place in the pneighbourhood that provides authentic bengali  misthi doi. The sweets are delicious and will take you back to the streets of kolkatta, although  sometimes it feels they are not fresh (...

This is the place I used to go regularly for lunch. It has some amazing biriyani and also the thali(both north and South Indian) is really good. I mean the quantity of food you get is worth the price. If you do not want to spend much and want to have some home food Kina feeling then I would definitely recommend this place. The staff are quite polite and the serving is fast as well.

The place is usually crowded in summer times as am quite an observer and visitor for last 2 summers here!! Though there no specialized skill involved in making juice varieties,they taste quite good cause the fruits are fresh..As I had a talk once with owner he said they usually dump 200 KGS per day of all fruits..prices are quite reasonable though the surroundings makes such a bad impact as it smells quite bad sometimes !!

No frills restaurant & a boon for Bengalis wanting to have a simple thali kind of food. Usually get Fish, Chicken & Mutton thalia Bengali style. Economical. Don't go with too much expectation, good for regular meals.

tried jumbo...it was like a meal....3 deckkersss....love BIGGIES

they don't provide home delivery unlike mentioned here

try their nugget n  JUMBO burger...its a must there.....pita bread franks also awesome

Pretty decent spread of buffet from starters to main course and desserts. Reasonably priced also. Not sure why such a low rating of 2.4 only.

The ambiance of Paprica (Infusion) Bangalore is chirpy and is good for at chit chat with your group of friends. The food served at Paprica (Infusion) Bangalore is mainly North Indian, Chinese continental and fusion food and so it indicates that the food is lip smashingly spicy and finger lickingly delicious.

I don't know why this place deserves a low rating. It's an average restaurant but serves good food. We have booked the banquet Hall once and also gave our first anniversary party there. All the guests appreciated the food. The only issue out here is parking. If you aren't lucky you will have a tough time to find a place to park.

Value to money is good; value to time is not. One hour wait really raised our expectations, but the food turns out to be not worth the time we spent in the line. If you have time and can wait, sure. Otherwise, don't waste your life.

Hands down the best indian food I've ever had, great service, excellent recommendations by the staff, great decor, prompt service, intense flavours. Wonderful service. Delicious curries. Mmm mmm the garlic naan is so good!  A must go to.

In no way does this outlet live up to the Pind Balluchi brand. I've visited multiple outlets and this is the worst one. I'll break up the rating as follows: Ambience: 3.5/5 Food: 3.5/5 Service: 1/5  No one cares to take your order for 20 mins. Ask the waiter 10 times for water/onions. Endless wait for food. Though the food was good, but I guess given the varied options Bangalore has to offer, this one is not worth a shot! <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-2514792" href="https://www.zomato.com/user...

A small food outlet with South Indian and Sorth Indian cuisines. Its an all veg restaurant. Their dosas are really good and in the North Indian section I've had almost all of the paneer items and they are spicy and tasty. They are extremely reasonable when it comes to prices. Their North Indian meals are quite filling. The service is ok but could be a little faster, for the North Indian dishes. Situated on Krishna Temple road they are well located and easily seen. If you want a light meal with e...

Chaithanya Veg is a small darshini type restaurant in the Krishna Temple Road , Indira Nagar with a few tables to dine in . The menu includes both South and North Indian dishes and reasonably priced. Tried the North Indian meals here, it was regular stuff with Roti, Curd Rice, Pulav, papad, Tomato Soup, Payasam,Dal and a Mix veg curry (Read Bhindi curry) making up the thali. Wouldn't say this plate was authentic North Indian but in bits and pieces it was ! Taste wise it was satisfactory. Keep yo...

This is a decent Darshini close to the KFC signal in Indiranagar. It's located opposite to people's pub. The food is decent and fairly priced.  They do not have a service section but they do have table and chains to sit. Part of it is stand only. The mushroom manchurian is great here. The South Indian food is good too

It's a regular darshini stand and eat only, the one time I had breakfast here was in a day when I felt I wanted to have Mangalore Buns and they had it fresh, ready, piping hot and that made me happy.

This food cout is a small Delhi based Veg outlet in Electronic City. It's walkable distance from our office. So oneday at lunch hour, we thought to have a try here. We ordered Paneer Chilli  Babycorn Manchurian Mix Parota Onion Parota Kulcha Veg Hyderabadi Sweet Lassi  I haven't found anything in mix parota except aloo, onion and little bit paneer. Though they way those parotas were served with butter was nice and that's why it tasted good also. Paneer chilli and Babycorn was good but overspicy....

It's a decent pure veg place with a not-so-good ambience. It's cheap and a paisa-vasool place. I go here quite a lot with my friends. The fulkas here are my favorite.

So many times and still counting! Excellent aalo parathas and gravies.  A good budget place.   Try Aalo parathas, green peas gravy and veg hyderabadi gravy and babycorn starters!!

I have never 'been' to this place but I have ordered so many times from here. I have never been disappointed. The prices are very less and they provides good quality and quantity. The whole sabzi-roti-dal-rice is made very nicely here. The parathas are also well made. I would definitely recommend this place. Don't forget to try Methi Parathas and Paneer Bhurji.

Decent small restaurant with good tasty food. Prices are pretty decent and economical. Per head Rs.100 max. They have to improve in their cleanliness so that more people will come.  Food:3.5/5 Quality : 3.5/5 Ambiance :2.5/5 Price :4/5

Another restaurant in E-city that has hardly put in any effort to excel.Food tasted quite ordinary. Service was unexpectedly slow. Cannot comment on ambiance.

The place is too slow in service. Though the good was fine. Biryani was particularly good. It is a pocket friendly place and has very less crowd. I would suggest the place to work on the availability of the items mentioned in the menu as it is unavailable most of the times.

This place is when you have 100 bucks in ur pocket and u wanna have tandoori chicken and roti. It caters regular college goers . Be assured that u won't fall sick.

Great outdoor sitting area..prompt service..dal kichdi and non-veg biryani's are really good..

The resto is at good place with good taste in food ! we have been there many times. Service is good. best part is they have outdoor seating arrangement. :) go and try the vegi there ..

I've been to this place twice before and today my dad got the food parcelled for breakfast. He got the idly, sambar, vada and veg pulav.    Food: 3.5/5 Idly: The idly had a soft crumbly texture and the taste was nice with a slight fermented flavour which is a characteristic of Idly.  Sambar: It was slightly spicy, had a nice flavour of coriander and tasted lovely. Only draw back was that the Sambar was a bit too watery in consistency for me.  Vada: It was really crisp. It wasn't oily or greas...

There are Good Hotels and there are Bad Hotels, We decide it as a good hotel based on the taste of food and the ambience sometimes .. We categorize bad hotel, when the food is bad. Udupi Upahara does not fit into good and bad here ;)  Its just like every Udupi Hotel in Bangalore :) I had dropped into this when i was real hungry and the food was OK .. Its just like a other hotel which you find in many parts of Bangalore

Decent breakfast Butter masala dosa and vada was good little expensive compared to other hotels  Butter Masala was 60 and vada was 25.

Tried breakfast when first time I visited Kalyan nagar. Fine place, good breakfast.

I have tried Udupi in Mysore and the experience was heavenly. Now we were wandering in Kalyan Nagar market and wanted some home like veg meal and saw Udupi and without even a second thought went there to sarisfy our cravings. The veg north indian thali was whole some containing dal,chole soup, sweet, rice and raita and yes it was tasty and filling to the core.

They have reduced the food quality. Plus i find it costly also.Although they provide variety options. I prefer going only when i am too bored with my daily food to taste the variety.

Yellow field has lot of options which you can mix and match with your eating preference.  Their paranthas are good. Just order one cube of extra Butter to go with it for taste enhancement. Lassi is good compared to other restaurants.   The ambiance is as the name suggest like ' Yellow Fields'. Dim and yellowish. I think they should change the decor to attract bright emotions.

I had an aloo paratha, a methi paratha, an onion paratha and a paneer paratha. I had good chole after a while and also decent bhindi sabzi. I had a butter cube with each paratha. Three food was tasty and is value for Money. In going here sometime again

One f d gud ice cream parlors in bangalore.. dy hv realy gud ice creams n dt too at gud prices.. nice ambience.. grt flavours..nd gud service wit nice staff members.. overal its a gud place to hv from..

Conveniently located towards the Reynolds end of brigade road.Today, tried a concoction of fig fantasia icecream , blueberries and roasted almond bits. Was fruity, nutty.... fantastic !!!!  Over the years I have found very friendly staff in this branch. So I  often  stop over if passing by. Saw promotions of their pizza icecream in the store and the guys in the neighbouring table having one. My experience with icecream cakes , pizzas have not been great. So didn't adventure into their new offeri...

Very good ice cream and great service.  The choice of toppings is good and the ambience is nice.  Very hygienic and clean.  Have visited this place several times and the ice cream cakes are also awesome.  Keep up the great work.  Wish you had a loyalty program that can give discounts/offers based on the number of times over creams/cakes are purchased but I am sure that's coming soon.    Have visited with family and everyone loves it.  Keep it up guys and see you soon.

Went to this place for the first time and I was really impressed it. Ordered mango and blueberry flavoured ice creams with cherry toppings. Ice creams melted in the mouth and tasted just perfect.

The ice cream cakes are just the best! This is what we order for all the Birthday cake cutting and it has never failed us! The only cakes that always gets licked clean

Well...the food is ok. Nothing great about it. Not exceptional either. Dine in is little expensive for the quality of food and ambience they offer.

Good food.. specially the tikaas and egg biryani... service a little slow but the taste of the food makes up for that... Although not a place to go with family if you want them to be comfortable. But worth going for a pickup / home delivery..  Rates also fine and quantity is gud..

This is not the same as the actual Hyderabadi biriyani house ( with the green boards). However, it does the job of giving us a good biriyani.  We ordered for Egg fry biriyani, Dal Tadka and chilli baby corn. All of them  were satisfactory and were good enough for getting our fix of andhra biriyani for the day. I would say, if you are hankering for a quick biriyani, you can definitely go for this.

Palace to have briyani when ur pocket is tight. Located in electronics city area. Good for ppl who forget to bring the lunch. Starter and briyani is less spicey in compare to others. Ambience is not so great but as per the cost it's ok ....

This is my favourite place, that I order from in electronic city when I have craving for biryani. Well I love their Chilly Prawn biriyani n all their Chinese starters, let me pick one Ginger Chicken.

Not much difference from other Domios store  when it comes to taste..... Service people were really nice and polite.... Not much crowded each time i had been there .

Had a decent experience with a prompt service on dine-in. I tried the burger Pizza for the first time and it was quite nice. My favourite is the garlic bread from here and they always maintain the standards.

Service is not good. Ambience are okay okay not that interesting. Very small place, so you won't get seats easily. Better order food for home delivery.

Place is very small & you have to struggle to get  seat , better to order for Home delivery , ordered  Deluxe veggie Pizza , taste  was was good

Good Food is what we expect when we enter any Restaurant.....  and Truly its good food @ Spicy Hut. 3 of us had been there on Sunday for Lunch and it was worth. Soup/Roti/Briyani/Kebabs/Butter chicken .... hmmmmmmm..... still.. thinking of it waters the mouth.  Its more than value for money @_@

Its a value for money restaurant. The food quality is good and the service was also pleasant.

Very tasty n yummy food. Keep up the good work suhaas. The chefs over here are great. It's run by a student n great initiative at such an young age . Way to go transit rio. I wish u all d best. Keep serving the good quality n the delicious food...

Good place.. 1st time in european cuisine.. all in all a good experience. Quantity is great.. Quality is good.. i think reasonably priced.. Good ambiance, great place to sit n chit chat. :)

I have visited Benito's 2-3 times. The service is quick. But the ambiance is quite dull. It is usually not too crowded. Lasagna was a disappointment.

its a small place , but they serve really good food at really reasonable price ..  Don't worry .. the quality of food is really good.. But as I said earlier .. its a small place .. so sometimes getting a place to sit might be a problem..

Nice place to have fun with friends ,with great offers of buy one get one and movie ticket discount of 10% .. amazing playback songs ...  Good friendly service by David   

Ambience service and front desk were warm and friendly. Nobeen was customer friendly and a great person. With regards to the food it was just average Sad part was the triple dipper non veg was over done leaving it totally dry and hard. Not worth the price for sure. Rest was okay.

Great continental food, quick and courteous service sums up Chilli's. Rockstar Rajesh served me with a warm smile and helped me choose a low carb meal. Ambience has scope for improvement given the price point and the outdoor area gets pretty hot now. Installing mist sprayers could help.

Really loved the food it gave us a waaw feeling. Jungshar was really good in helping us in choosing the best and he did an amazing job in serving us too. I  will refer the hotel and then tell them to ask Jungshar.

Nice place exclent ambience .. good staff and very perfect service by David ..,,, Signature drink margarita of chilis was very great to drink .....  Nice view from the top  ..

Food : healthy and tasty!  Try the Chinese poha. One of my favourites  And good variety of tea. I have tried almost all.. And all r good  Good service.  Pics of-bun mask a, paneer sandwich, Chinese poha and samosa

<span><a class="at-tags at-tags-2537140" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/rahul-gupta-2537140">Rahul Gupta</a></span> <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-1178547" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/rahul-gupta-1178547">Rahul Gupta</a></span> chaipoint is awesome place to have tea time n fun. I love hanging time out at chai point ........................

Visited this place for an evening break. The place is in the basement of the building. Ordered the dum chai and banana cake, which is my favourite. However didn't taste the same like other chai points. The tea was very diluted and the cake didn't have the flavour at all. The price was ok.

The one thing I personally love about barbeque nation is their oh so friendly staff and their barbeques(obvious much?) lol... And also its an excellent place to spend some quality time with friends and family..  It's a buffet system so, happy hogging 

I've been a loyal customer of BBQ Nation since many years! Quality is never compromised on. Quantity shouldn't even be spoken about here. Favourites on the grill are prawns and fish barbecue. Kulfies are also amazing. Main course and dessert doesn't lack behind either.

We came last week bangalore tour  with our office staff.  This is one of the restaurant middle of electronic city Road. Ambiance is very pleasant. The dishes are absolutely yummy and very pocket friendly. Full satisfied with taste and lovely ambiance. Service was excellent. When we came bangalore we must visit this restaurant again and again. Today is our last day in bangalore.

A best place to have buffet! They have a grill decor where the veg and non veg kababs are grilled on your table. Veg starters include corn, mushroom, potatoes,  paneer and some of their signature kababs. Non veg includes chicken leg, hariyali chicken kabab, prawns, fish , mutton keema kabab. Main course includes soup, salads and different kinds of veg and non veg dishes. Desserts include phirni, pastries, brownie, gulab jamun, ice cream etc. There is a live kulfi counter where you can customise ...

Went a couple of times for team lunch.  Cordial and prompt service. Good selection of veg and non veg starters.  Specially enjoyed crispy corn! Will definitely visit again :)

I ordered customised chocolates for my birthday with my photo and my message.. great surprise for my frds.. awesome taste too.. thank you chocodude

Superb collection. May be a nice gifting option for all occassions..

Kotae Gardens in a Dhaba kind of restaurant located in Hosur Main Road and off Hosa Road. The place use to be very nice around 4 to 5 years. Now, its not maintained properly. So, the place lost the charm. They have wide range of options in Veg & Non Veg. However, the food is not consistent. This place is good for some light starters along with Hard Liquor. Well, the prices of the liquor are pretty cheap! The service is another major problem at this place. We need to run around the staff to ge...

Visited during college.  Food is good. Preferabbly take away as the ambience is not that satisfactory. Choose this place only in emergency cases. Its not like a dhaba at all!

Place is very cheap and suitable for bachelor's.

Good concept ! Very healthy and hygenic. I love the Salads !!! Any time for all..highly recommend this place .Delicious food ,  savor the freshness !!

Great desserts but slightly over priced...

Super duper icecreams. Was so satisfied. I mean soulfully satisfied.

I visited this restaurant for a change and give it a shot. I ordered veg. Biryani and it turned out to be nothing more than good steamed and fried rice. Secondly I ordered egg Biryani which was good and you will not feel cheated. Prices are more than what it deserve but still I found place was good enough to sit and enjoy on a regular.   You will not find anything special so be careful. Service is just average and overall experience was just ok.  It deserve 2.5 out of 5 :)

Baskin Robbins is not new to us. But there varieties here weren't appealing. Their blueberry and other good ones, weren't available so went for a caramel flavor which was alright. It was an ordinary experience that's all.

Chicken sandwich was awesome and had their molten pudding sundae which taste yummy muffin was soft.  We order eggless cakes for office party always here

A variety of desserts that can surely put u in a dilemma as to which one to try :D They also have snacks, nachos and so many stuff! I could just have chocolate river and marshmallow waffle. I loved it! :)

Ratings out of 10-  1.Cost-6.5/10 2.Ambience-8/10 3.Service-8/10 4.Food-6/10 5.Overall-7/10  P.S: This place is good for organizing parties or events for special occasions as a group, but not that great for a person/family/friends looking for fine dining and good food. Mostly, it is meant for you to have a good time other than dining.  Location: this is a big building situated in Domlur; pretty close to Dell office and on the way to the 100ft road,Indiranagar.  Service: once we enter after payin...

Good place for daal bati with astro palmistry entertainment. Worth a visit when you are deep down hungry for home food . Make an extra place for the 'malpuas' .

Visited here for me birthday and the main motivation behind that was the strong positive impact it had put on me in Jaipur ( the main actual Choki Dhani ). And also wanted to be my day special and was expecting the same great time enjoyed there at Jaipur.. Coming here it's called Royal put can't find anything royal well the main branch at jaipur was more royal though without the tag...  This place has all the potential to do well but aren't to the mark.. Thought they managed to make my day speci...

Great hospitality !!                                                           Perfect place to enjoy rajasthani food.A must visit restaurant!

Excellent place for Chinese food in Koramangala..Better than Hunan according to me...Have visited multiple times and have never been disappointed...

great food. for Chinese my destination was mainland china.  bit these guys beat that. Great food. building is still under renovation but they manage u well and with the great taste u can overlook that part as it ia temporary. the good part is they use no MSG no colour. its healthy. For Chinese food lovers a must visit place.

We went to this place a couple of weeks back since we had a voucher from Groupon for a 5 course meal for 2 people. The place is conveniently located on the JNC road a little further down from Purple Haze.  The parking could be an issue since you have to park on the main road, luckily we found some space.  There was some construction going on in that building, so the surroundings were not very pleasing. Once we entered the restaurant though, the overall ambience was fine. They have tables on one ...

this place is the one which i have waiting for long time... As dim sum are so good that it melts in ur mouth and its like u are having dim sum in china... i re comment every one to try there chicken kothe and spinach and cheese dim sum.. its amazing no words to describe... i will surely visit this place again soon .. to try all the other dim sum and main courses..

Ambience is good and the Bhojanam meals are the stand out menu item for the restaurant. However their service constantly gets delayed because of under staffing.

Good food. Great taste. Good Packing. Quick Delivery. Good experience. Had got pretty nice discount in foodpanda.   Had tried:  Roomali Roti (Was not perfect, was little raw. We had to heat it at home properly), Paneer Kulcha (Good), Naan(Good), Chicken masala and fried rice (Good).

I visit this place regularly for team lunches. Nice ambience and reasonably priced. Food is good ... Egg chilly is our team favourite. Pretty decent place for casual lunch/dinner.

I order online mostly from this restaurant; delicious food preparation, must try the ghee rice, kaju fried rice, malai kofta and kaju curry.

Yesterday on occasion of my brother's birthday, we ordered cake from this outlet of Just bake. It was a blueberry gateaux eggless cake. The cake was beautifully designed n made fresh. It was yummy in taste. My whole family loved it n we finished it almost while feeding each other. For half kg it costs 375 which is also pocket friendly. Earlier I had eaten few pastries which were also good. Will try more stuff in future.

Authentic Kerala cuisine. Taste was fine but they don't have much selections. Limited option per day basis. Hope they will bring multiple varieties soon.  Food was not costly.

Very quiet and nice mess in Indiranagar with a very friendly staff. Most of the dishes are pretty authentic. Their meal is pretty good. On Sunday's the meal includes an authentic Kerala paysam. Their karimeen is worth a try.

Visited this restaurant last Sunday .... Its located right opposite to jnana sweekar school , there are couple of boards that will direct you to an interior road .  The place looks pretty derelict from outside ... they have little huts .... about 6 of them for each group....we sat in the first one . Ambience wise not much . It's basically a proper dabha .... if you're into cleanliness and hygiene you wouldn't probably like it. And I don't suggest it for family visit either .  Coming to the food ...

This Dhaba exists from a very long time. It is situated on the parallel road to kanakpura road. Before extreme urbanisation it would be amazing to drive here and have dinner. Now, the whole locality is urbanised. The place is a bit dark and gloomy. The place feels a little unsafe due to the bad crowd that comes here. Not recommended for families. Food is OK. They have to improve on hygiene. Parking space is available.

Food - Average Ambience - Not applicable/Street-food Price - High Service - Not applicable  What to do? - Won't recommend this one. The quality of vada-pav is too low for the price. There is no reason to spike up the prices when you are not a full fledged restaurant!

Had been here long time back.. Small outlet, same menu and same taste so nothing to comment on basically.. The classic vada pav and the schezwan is the best of the lot!

If ur a vada pav lover, u may like it but wouldn't be too excited.  It's just a kiosk serving some Street food, especially the vada pavs. There r burgers, just OK.  The cheese filled fritters are nice.  A simple, quick, less expensive hunger solution if u live close by or encounter it while passing by.

Awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeereeee food I like it

Earlier used to have it when used to go for movies near vaibhav theater it serves all types of vada pav and they are tasty worth a bite. It is a bit small

Well just a duplicate of subway.... U can try this place... But I think subway is btr option since thy have more variety n taste is also btr....

Quiznos subs are so much more better than the Subway ones. Be it the bread or the sauces or the meat. Since the time i have seen Quiznos in Bangalore i have stopped going to Subway. Unfortunately, i was very disappointed with the way the Inorbit Quiznos was maintained. The store looked run-down and the unhygienic and more so in the last few months. The main grill was always non functional and they were using a small OTG to grill the bread and that OTG looked like it has never been cleaned in its...

Have been to Quizznos a couple of times (atleast 20 times or more!!) The service guys are friendly & love the menu tailored for indian spicy taste . Sadly, veg dishes are only a few !!  Compared to Subway, me & my friends circle prefer Quizznos for the value of money,quantity and quality !!  The breads are toasted any number of times on request unlike subway!! Especially, the tuna melt is one of the best here with all veggies and salads!!

Salads and subs which are available over here are fresh and tasty. Many varieties are available. This is a better place compared to subway.

Good delicious food. Can fill oneself with parathas and still be dissatisfied. Especially paratha meals are too good to resist.  I even liked sattu paratha here.

Small place combined with a mess. Frequented by Ramaiah college students obviously.  Ordered: Aloo Paratha.  Verdict: Average. Can have it once.  Price: totally worth it. Quantity: more than sufficient for one person (gives two paratha in a plate)  Nothing fancy but enough whne the hunger pangs strike.

Brilliant Parathas. Usually in Bangalore, its a struggle to find places that can get simple Alu Parathas right. It usually ends up as a lump of Atta with barely any Aloo in it. Loved this place for that. Cheers!

Located at the best location for all college students of MSRIT and also being a low budget restaurant, Paratha Club attracts a lot of college students.  Seeing the rush i thought of giving it a try..  Tried the onion paratha, aloo paratha and also the paneer gravy. The spices and flavours kicked in well.  Enjoyed the brunch. Ambience is pretty descent for a college student eatout. But overall tasty food.

small n low budget.....so very good for college student who r out of cash n still some thing good to eat wide n good range  Paratha n mini meals which is really awesome hve been many for breakfast and lunch very close to M S Ramaiah ..

Good taste and highly affordable.  Their mughalai biriyani is just too good.  Try it.  It's a egg chicken mixture biriyani .  Their selling point is their rates are affordable and taste is also nice.

Things that are good- Biryani Chicken starters  Noodles  Veg items with paneer  Things you should not try- Soups Salads Fish items- never try this Any type of parantha

The ambiance of the restaurant is too dull a bit of brightening will definitely help. The restaurant is very very spacious and not much for people looking for even a minimum ambiance.  The food is good for non vegetarians but not so great for vegetarians. I especially like the biryani and found it very tasty. My personal favorite is special chicken biryani which is a bit in larger side of quantity. The portions are decent size for other dishes. But will suggest it to only people looking for non ...

Love the hotel's food. Actually I was hesitant about going there considering the place is quite dull and old( looks old with old furniture). But the food is too good, I actually happen to love the masala( I love spicy food). I'm a teluguite and so is the owner so I was treated very well i must say. If you're a vegetation, I guess you wouldn't much but on the flipside, you have a lot of variety. Its available on swiggy, which is nice. Service is lighting fast! Only reason I gave it a 4.5 is becau...

This is a very small place which is in HSR Layout. We reached here for dinner and the place was empty. They have lot of Chinese varieties. It might be hard to find this place because it is in the underground of a building.  We ordered ;  Dragon Chicken - This stater was tasty and a perfect starter for meal. I don't think it will be bad in any place and we did not want to take risk after all. It was good for two people.  Chicken Szechwan Noodle - This noodle was not so spicy and the noodle was ve...

The tum yum was simple n done well, with Thai flavours of lemon grass n tomatoes !  The broccoli cooked to perfection and lemon pepper chicken was unexpectedly good, with low oil n quite yummy, mildly spicy n perfectly lemony !  Can't wait to try out the noodles next time...

Worst chinese....   Definetly a skip....   Guess hygiene is issue here... Ordered  once at home n had to visit loo again n again... Happened with my other frnd as well

The nearest Chinese restaurant to my place. Had been here for dinner with my brother. The ambience is average. We had ordered for chilly chicken, dragon chicken and dragon chopsuey. Well the starters were gud but dragon chopsuey was very average. I would go back to this place for starters.

visited spicejoy restaurant yesterday, the ambiance was good, spacious, ordered for chicken briyani and mutton sukka varuval, the quantity of briyani was good enough for a person, the mutton dish was too good. over all good experience.

The taste of the Dum Mutton Biriyani was good but it was too oily. Also the raita that they served was pathetic. I doubt I am visiting them again.

It's always crowded, and a very small place with 2 long tables and 2 small tables where you sit with strangers and eat.  But it's okay, it's all worth their food.  I love their biryani.  Must try for biryani lovers!

Quick review. Biryani was good, Service was average. Average ambience so does average price so no complaints.  Ok ok place.  Maybe one can grab quick bites here.

Located next to the Namma shuttle at the HSR 19th main road. You might not find it a very good place considering the average ambience.  Ambience - 1.5/5  As the name suggest, we tried few biryani's here : (All Biryani made from Basmathi-long grain rice.)  Veg Biryani : 2.5/5  Egg Biryani - which had non veg rice was quite good.(3.5/5)  Chicken Biryani is also good here. (3.5/5)  My ratings comprises of value for money and taste.  We also took parcel here once, and i was very much surprise by the...

Chicken Biryani was Tasty, Hot and Fresh... and the rice used was of good quality, considering the the price of Rs140+10(packing)  its of a great value also the quantity of Biryani was too good... I suggest they should start the combo (biyani+kabab) stuff...

Had some friends over for the weekend-outing in Bangalore-stick close to radius of influence-Whitefield-though strictly Phoenix is definitely no where under the Whitefield circumference. Been there on a No. times  to the Food Court but never risked the idea of tasting the fare at Simply Potatoes. Howrah Bridge, Marahaba, Momos and the rest were tasted, tried and done.  Ordered Mexican with cheese sauce, sour cream, salsa and the rest-topped with butter and it was a fabulous dish!!!   The gent be...

A small little place hidden in the streets surrounding Ramaiah hospital, Snow Lion attracts mainly the students studying at Ramaiah. The noodles and fried rice are good though personally I found it a bit too oily. The Thukpa is really delicious!  Overall, a nice place that wouldn't burn a big hole in your pocket.

A small eatery located in the suburbs of New BEL Road. Schzewan momo was great, drunken chicken was kinda OK and steamed chicken was fine. The steamed momo lacked the juiciness. It also didn't come with its regular chilli chutney.  Overall good experience because you don't get to eat momo around BEL

This is a small restaurant near BEL road ; pocket friendly and a fix for hunger pangs.  It serves the Tibetan cuisine and some dishes from Chinese and Thai too. Try out their thukpa, as it's one of the best they serve. The place is small but has a homely feeling. They serve good quantities but not compromised on quality  either.

Small and tiny restaurant and off course yummy food..  I personally loved the place.. Now this restaurant has become a favorite for Tibetan food..

A very tiny place tucked behind Ramaiah college. A perfect college eatery for those who can truly relish the Tibetan cuisine.   Being a vegetarian who has immense love for momos, the momos here are one of the best I've had in Bangalore.   The thukpa is very well prepared and the Oreo shake is thick and doesn't fall behind Oreo shakes made at any of the other fancy cafes in the area.   The family who run the place are extremely courteous. The food is reasonably priced. They even offered to help m...

Hmmm....well the parota is good.... And other dishes are good.... Not that bad........................................,.....,.....,.............

Good food....excellent service ( Self service ) Food court are not suppose to be for  lunch nor for dinner but most of the mall goer end up here for lunch or for dinner..... next time I better avoid.... The food portion were very economic.

Had a quick good time here with friends after watching a movie......... Nothing special or unique about this place, Good food though...............

Taste of mumbai sharwmas n der beate bruised alfaham chicken r must ve...

Simply Superrrbb!!!! Great taste and experience...Was craving for some chinese and had been to watch a movie in the Arena mall...the food was given in 20 mins as promised, had to wait a bit but nonetheless the taste satiated my taste buds...Had chopsuey and prawns chilli...The chef customized it to my taste and I really liked it...Must try place guys....Just make sure you customize to your liking...

Awesome food, timely delivery overall good           .                                                           .                                               .

Super food                                                                                                                    .             ....

Awesome Chinese dishes. We can customise as per our wish. Less price good food.                                         . ....,.............

Visited this outlet today after a movie at PVR cinemas. This place is located in the food court of the soul space areana mall. We ordered chicken handi and tandoori roti.The chicken handi was awesome. Very well Cooked and tasty. It is basically pot biryani served with chicken gravy and raita.Tandoori roti was also good. Service was also promt.

Visited Hind Ka Chulah after a movie and shopping at Soul Space Arena.  Ordered Chicken Tikka Combo, one veg combo and Egg Biryani. The veg and chicken combo were good - the taste as well as quantity. The size of the chicken and paneer pieces were generous but the Egg Biryani lacked taste and flavor (but the quantity was good). There was less salt, the rice quite dry, raita too diluted and the taste of the accompanying dal or gravy was pathetic.  Another thing that caught my eyes was the salad...

This place is a good option  for food when you are hungry after a movie. We tried chicken tikka and paneer chatpot combo. Good thing is u can choose among the breads that you want. The chicken tasted very juicy and soft. Perfect taste. Paneer was okay, nothing special. Service is little slow.

On a boring evening, I visited this restaurant which is located in Bellandur, Eco Space with my colleagues to grab some evening snacks and we ordered 3 plates of pav bhaji, 1 carrot or gajar ka halwa and a plate of bhel puri. They served super fast and the place is maintained clean. Carrot halwa was totally great and yummy, bhel puri also tasted super special but pav bhaji was as usual like other places. Price seems quite expensive but okay. Thank you.

Better than other vendors at this food court. Good quality and quantity for the price of the items. Better opt to this as an option at this food court

Best place for an instant refresher on a sunny day

When you actually miss North Indian food this is the place to be. I visit here almost every alternate week just to get the "Thali" they serve. Be it any. It simply amazing. It tastes so yum and the quantity is also satisfactory. The taste is just lovely and for me it's one of the best place in Bangalore in terms of taste, proper meal. The price is also reasonable. Overall I enjoy the food everytime I go there.

Kesar is the friendly neighbourhood shop where you can walk in without bothering much. Ambience is very basic.  Its a two storied shop. The ground floor houses the sweet shop and the 1st floor is the resturant. The review is for the resturant. The place has  AC now, very much needed in this heat.   Lets get to food. We have always been there for breakfast on weekends and our staple has been chole bature which they make really good. Tried lassi this time. Did not tast well. Not to my liking.   Th...

This is one of the best places in bangalore for sweets, specially for people with a north indian tastebud. DO try its jalebi and rabri. It is hugely popular for its kulfi. The food genuinely seems to be cooked in pure ghee.

The restaurant was fully packed when we reached. We ordered for chole bhature, veg platter, jaljeera, chowmein and manchurian. Chole bhature was real good . For all those who miss pocket friendly north indian knick knacks, this place is a good option.

They have only survived due to scarcity of any good noth-indian sweet shop in AECS layout. They charge exorbitant amount and the quality of their product don't justify such premium. Please prefer Kanali sweets next to it. At least you get good quality sweets at similar prices.

Nice Food..Specially Fish Curry..Really tastes like Konaseema Food

Superb .....Tasty Andhra food ever getting in Bangalore.... Awesome

awesome food in the lowest budget.....specially non-veg....I LOVE IT.......Emmi yarrrrrrrrrr

Presentation is very good. The food is authentic. I wish they have more guacamole. That seems out of stock typically.

The food is excellent and awesome quality of veggies. The sizzlers are awesome and the burrito is very good too... the best thing about them is the presentation and you will love the attention form other people when u eat/ bring food to ur table... the chef is a kind person and sees to all ur needs.

The food in mamacita is very good . The burgers are very different from what I ever had and loved it.

We went here for a lunch treat, buffet lunches are easier to do. This one is moderately priced. The restaurant itself is located on 2nd floor, and there's a precarious climb to it! The interiors, like a lot of Chinese restaurants is dark and dinghy, with dim lighting. Even in the afternoon, there was hardly any light anywhere. Their seating is in couches, comfortable. Food, well, that's the area they vastly need to improve. Starters were served to us, and they were not much into variety. The chi...

Too pricy menu for the ambience and the food. Liquor chargers are on high side especially beer.

Located very close to the HSR BDA complex, the name screams out loud on the road. The tag line promises a fine dining experience, but then you realise no one's really penalising them for misusing these words.   The interiors are dim and a bit gloomy, in a visually claustrophobic way. Reminded me of tight-budget lodges that have attached restaurants/bars that mostly cater to guests staying at the lodge. They did switch on some lights after a while which helped things, but only slightly.  A welcom...

Roti will come after desserts OK OK but  not worth

This cosy and small restaurant on jeevanbhima nagar main road  gives  amazing punjabi dishes which include a wide array of  tandoori dishes and gravys. The staff is warm and responsive. I wish they would be faster in service. Try the tandoori chicken and the kalmi kabab with must have butter chicken with hot roti's. But whatever you do . Do not jave their Biryani. Which is like burnt rice and something that should be off the menu

Cheap authentic punjabi in a very cosy setting. Paranthas are huge and wholesome.

Great food and greater service. The staff is very friendly. Easy on the pocket as well.

This place is just right, just my first time.it's tiny , it's cozy (may be little too cozy ) food is.just fantactic . I just had one kabab,will come for more

Quite possibly the best tandoori chicken in Bangalore. Small, cozy, smiling hosts and fantastic Punjabi food. Chicken gravies are good. So is the Kheer to finish a hearty meal. Light on the pocket.

Because I sea food and eat it too, a place dedicated to prawns called out for a visit. A quick perusal of the menu before heading there and I was like "Wow! Now this is what being spoilt for choices probably means". But alas! Once you reach there and place your orders is when you realise why you are warned against judging by the cover. In this case, the menu.  Don't go by the menu because for all that it promises, only a few are available. So reached here around 7.30ish one evening, all prepped ...

I am crazy about prawns and my crave for prawns led me to search and visit this outlet. The outlet is located conveniently on 80 ft. road, so good for those staying near to Indira nagar or thippsandra. In terms of location, although not located at a hotspot like brigade road or koramangala, I would still give it 3/5.   I went with my wife and friends at around 1 in the afternoon. The place was empty and the guy who will take orders was no where to be seen. After some calling he came out, and tol...

We were on our way back home after completing some weekly work and wanted to have some light snack on the way. We had seen this outlet for quite some time and felt that it was time for a try.  Well, we had a combo containing around 15 prawn pieces, and they had unique names like "Nuke a Pawn", "Butter a Prawn" and "Pop a prawn". They were more or less the same items (fried prawns with the spice added varying a bit), and served with mayoneese/white cream sauce. I found them finger-licking delicio...

So... the visit to the outlet twice was fine. The prawns and grilled fish were good enough.   Decided to call them for home delivery... WHAT A BIG MISTAKE... EVER!!!  The guy who answered the phone for delivery had no clue about the location and we had to call him twice. Isn't the delivery guy supposed to do this? Useless service!!!  Needless to say, the delivery arrived 2+ hours late, after our lunch was over and we were thoroughly embarrassed in front of our guests... The guy had the guts to s...

Nice place to open up your day with very good authentic break fast will good allways and tasty too kind of chutneys very impressive too thanks to staffs

Masala dosa, vada, idly and rava idly along with upmam and kesari baath are mouth watering. Excellent taste and has quick services. Place to visit.

Small, reserved and and a relatively quiet industrious place for South Indian food. Given the fact that they have Chinese cuisine on their menu, I would recommend that you rather stick to the South Indian platter served for after all, that is their strength.  The Butter Masala Dosa is delicious. The only complaint, although trivial, being that the dosas tend to be thicker in the middle at times. The sambhar is aptly rich in flavour.   If you are on a budget and you are looking for some taste-bud...

Only VFM standing cafe on Brigade road serving staple sagar dishes, No frills, pay first eat next funda, good for breakfast and anna sambar meals during noon.  Nothing like anything on Brigade road,considering the location,pricing,food... located inside Rex theatre campus.  serves fresh Dosas,Vadas,Pulao etc... If food means business to you on a busy morning or noon then Dosa Sagar serves it fast and furiously too.... ! Space is a constraint, ambience - who cares ! eat at leisure - not happening...

love this place...their dosas and generous use  of butter

This joint has opened recently, about 2 months or even later. The location is such that it caters to office goers and college students from the nearby Jyothi Nivas College. So don't expect any restaurant kind of ambiance here. But the place is neat and clean and well maintained.  This place gives a few options, either meals or biryani or kababs. But what it lacks in variety, it makes up for that in taste. Easily one of the best biryanis I have had. The rice tastes so different, so full of flavor...

After a long day of business trip, when you land in the night, only thing you look forward to is not only home but to pack some food from wangs.  This one is the typical Indian Chinese that we live with right mix of spices.   My only grudge is that they need to pack it well as every time I pick food, the containers leak. Also since you are low on patience late night, they can have a ready to pack counter.

I am Surprised that this place ( can't call it a  restaurant actually cos it's a Mess ) is surprisingly Unknown & has been Unspoken of . This is really a little hidden gem  Location : Sangam Mess -  ( Kamanahalli Opposite to Anand Sweets - The Lane between New Kadai Restaurant & Ganesh Juice Centre,   yes they have 2 branches and I am talking about the Kamnahalli one) .  I have been here umpteen number of times in the past 5 years & the food still tastes the same - pucca Naadan , I guess they ha...

This place is located inside the BIAL and not that difficult to spot it.   Usually have a low-key breakfast before catching my morning flight. The food is average and nothing much to talk about, the prices are expensive compared to the normal sagar's outside.   I have tried the Idly and the dosa, both of them were good but not that tasty. The Thatte Idly and pongal are OK as well. In terms of Ambiance, Its an airport. So nothing else to talk about.   Overall, Its better to eat here than eating t...

South Indian food is gud bt sandwich especially corn sandwich is worst .... Value for money is 3 on 10 .... Must improve.!!!!

Fantastic tasting snacks. Wish they had more branches in the city.

This place is located on Kammanahalli main road. Near the church.   Happen to pass through this place. Nothing much to talk about. The ambiance is ok-ok. Its not a big place but sufficient for 30-40people to have dinner.   The biryani is very good here and not too many complaints. Recommended is the Egg and the Ckn biryani. The service is decent, average time is about 10-15mins for an order. The fried rice is average, not much to boast off but the Rolls are very good. The shawrama rolls that we ...

I liked that they offered to top up each thing as i finished them. Usually they don't offer unless you ask. I didn't need any refills, because the serving was big enough staffs were friendly and I liked the small south Indian fast food restaurants touch and there is no much decoration required as we went there to have the best food and I agree I did get one served there.

Quick home-delivery and Do try Spring rolls - liked it!

A very good place if you suddenly get a craving for Bengali Food. My favourite is the all time best combination of Mutton curry with Luchi. Also they have a wide variety of dishes to choose from and the rolls are quite delicious. Good on the Pocket, this place will not cost you more than 200 bucks for a royal meal. So, next time you are confused what to have when you visit Central Mall take Combo 15 (Mutton Curry) and enjoy.

too costly, very very expensive

Had been to Bellandur Central Mall many a times..So it is quite obvious for me to visit this place when I starve badly...  I had never faced any issues for the food ordered...they have perfectly cooked..all the time..  I had various Combos, Moghlai paratha...sweets...the taste very much homely...expecially the veg meal combo...which servers..phoolkophi aloo torkari...was delicious...might be I was starving I had such a good experience...so I tried it again the next time when I went there...it wa...

Had ice creams, capachino and garlic bread...the food is good...but it's the aweful service put me off. The staff here doesn`t have any clue on the menu. .we have to call every one to take the order. .now I know the reason for no crowd and empty seat. Now sure whether this is happens only for this branch or the entire chain is like that

Went in to this Caffe in the afternoon for a quick business lunch. We, friends frequent this place quite often for After Dinner Coffee since we stay close by, however, decided to have a quick bite today and ordered Potato Roasties, Bar be qued Chicekn wings , a salad and B 52 pastry as a dessert.  The roastie was very good - crisp and tasty with the accompanied sauce and the pastry too was good, other items were just ok.  Overall, a decent eating experience - however, i guess they can improve a ...

Visited other branches but dis one was new for me... AC was not working (only one AC was working, not enuf) wanted to have something light. The place was nice, service is good...good people.

We have searched a lot to get the good quality Momos near the Bellandur,Sarjapur ORR Area. So we tried this MomoStation just to see if taste is Good.  We found the taste of momos much much better than others available near by areas. Infact Momos taste are better than other opened chains & chinese resturants.  After having momos there we have stopped trying other places and now visting this stall quite often.  We felt that It' worth to come here if one wants to have momos.

Went here with friends for breakfast. Fabulous egg bake dish and waffles. You must get here early to get a table! The place is already buzzing by 8am which is when I think it opens!

One of the most pocket friendly places in koramangala and indiranagar included with the best food possible. U can fill yourself with 400 per person for a foodie like me . Amazing breakfast sandwiches burgers and what not. Good quantity amazing service and wow quality makes it an amazing place to go to. There is surely the waiting that u have to deal with but  its worth the wait . Try the great goan sausage fest!! It has the best mashed potato ever . Beautiful texture !

I believe in good food and more than that fast and awesome service... This place is has been in existence for a long time but for some or the other reason I wasnt able to visit the place and what better day to visit the place when you have your salary in your hand. So we visited the place around 8:30 am and we were in the waiting queue at 6th position.. But luckily we didn't have to wait for long and as soon as we got a place we ordered as quickly as possible after going through the elaborate me...

I had heard so much about this place, be it from friends or social media, that I already had very high expectations before even landing myself here. And I was disappointed.  Coming down to the details, always expect a little wait period for the Sundays especially. Getting to a table takes a little time but then the crowd moves fast.  Then the menu that they have is widespread, but the taste isn't up to the mark. Each and every dish tasted like it missed out on the wow factor. The presentation an...

Wanna wake up and have a perfect english breakfast, this is your temple then except the waking up part. Its a very good place to enjoy bacon and mashed potato with nicely toasted breads or maybe a steak...... Just giving an opinion. Small place but lasting impression of the taste. Should visit and enjoy a small elizabethan meal.

A new concept of food court on the roads. Grt place to have some chats, rolls, rotis, egg dishes under one roof at a pocket friendly price. Our experience for dinner was super. Shawarma roll is a must try - its simply fab, one the best u can hv in blore. also give a try to their several omlettes. We tried kheema omlette which was great. Also the egg manchurian is tasty and grt. The noodles and friedrice and chicken manchurian also turned out to be good in quantity and great in taste. Superb plac...

Love the punjabi food specially rajma and chawala and right from the shawarma to the all different varities of chaat is finger licking....eggstc is now a gr8 stop to have all different varities of food

The chats are too good it's just mouth watering and the best part is it's in my budget and I can afford it.. if I am paying 50 bucks then I am getting something which is worth the same

The food decent... And the the ambiance makes us comfortable.. Worth every pemny.. And the chats and the paraha is just mouth watering and the best part is budget friendly

Good place to hangout , best food near bel road and Ramaiah and vast variety as well of quality food. I went with my brother , pleasant experience

We went with a high expectations but got bad experience. Ordered cream veg soup and found worm in it, attached the image of it.  Be careful while opting for it. We didn't ordered anything thereafter.

Awesome place.. Good Food.. yum Beer .. one of the best breweries.. and this roof top setting .. fully romantic .. completely loved the place.. must visit this place.. service was good ..

This roof-top ambiance is so so pretty in the evenings.. I love coming here with friends on a friday evening and having a blast.. The staff is good and service too.. I like the food as well...

Went speechless the moment i walked up at 4th roof top floor. I could see the sunset with sensational cool breeze. I went with my sister and broter-in-law. She requested for some customized cocktail. The bartender went off the recipes and served such a delighted and refreshing cocktail. Although, i like to know all the ingredients i am served, recipe was kept secret. No offense please. I never had this mesmerizing experience. Food was too good.  It's a must visit place. 

I went on the Saturday night , for a dance out.The ambience was ok.We ordered Assorted Fries Basket and Veg Crispy, Assorterd Fries Basket was good and worth a try. The Music was good and they have good dance floor space as well.Overall I will say that if you are looking for dancing night out on Saturday evening then Barleyz is a good place you can plan out.

The best biryani i had in bangalore after a long time. Good quantity and reasonably priced.  The other places where i enjoyed biryani were samarkhand and sahib singh sultan but these are highly priced restaurants and cannot be visited often.  The chicken roll at the roll factory is lip smacking. No one can eat just one.  I would recommend this place to all those who are bored eating the same south indian type biryani.

I am a regular visitor at The Roll Factory. Love their Rolls and Biryani. Chiken Tandoori is also a must try.

I came from Delhi to Bangalore for a business trip and was not hungry to have a full meal. Got to know about this place through Zomato and thought to give it a try. The place was a 1 km hike from my hotel and I walked the entire way to build up an appetite. The place is pretty small with a small counter and two small benches outside. The seating is open air and favors those who drive up to the place so that they can enjoy their rolls inside their cars. I go there and was greeted by Vivek who run...

Being from delhi , i have never expected much in terms of tastes in south india , still this is the place which fills the gap ,rolls are pretty awesome , nog veg always better than vegs ones though.... Sunali tikka and malai tikka rolls are are i think their signature stuff .... I always order from here on weekend parties ....and hv never been disappointed by the quality delivered . And yeah ..... Biryaani .... I wont say its best in the town .... But the mughlai- hyderabadi fusion is worth a cr...

I am rating it down to 3 due to a recent visit. I used to live around JP Nagar about 3 - 4 years ago and was regularly visiting Munch. They had some really nice Kolkata Rolls. They also understood what exactly you wanted and could customise the taste to suit you. The food is economical too, so its a good place for a quick bite. However the recent visit to Munch wasnt a great experience. There was just one inexperienced person who said most things on the menu weren't available and he couldnt even...

The chicken pakora was exquisite! Not a fish person but the fish pakora tasted good too. Also had a double chicken double egg roll which was quite delicious and filling too. Easy on the pocket. The owner was very friendly and seemed quite genuine. Will be going here again to try out other dishes on the menu. :)

I like this place, me and my dad visited the place when it opened newly in the neighborhood and as the both of us are not vegetarians we liked the place a lot. Food was good and it is also very pocket friendly. If you want Bengali food then this is the place in the area.

Awesome food. My regular weekend go to place. Each item is great and overall good value for money. Try the chicken dal tadka. Love this place.

Ambiance is good n in this hotel u ll get breakfast prepared by some different types of rice like Siri danya.. n North Indian ll be OK OK I liked mashroom red chilli it was good n service is good..

Food was average and so was the ambience. Tandoori aloo was a bit extra spicy. Dal makhani was good and the kadai paneer was average. Service wasn't great as the waiting time was more than 20 mins and they missed bringing our masala papad.

Stayed at this hotel during our visit to Bangalore and so had the opportunity to taste some South Indian food here, mainly Dosa and Idly. The idly was soft, the Dosa was tasty, crispy and nicely cooked. The chutney was good. The attendant was well behaved and helped me and my father in choosing our meals, though I didn't like the Onion Dosa. Last but not the least, the coffee was really nice.

This restaurant serves some really delicious food!!! Ambiance - 4/5 Food - 5/5 Service - 5/5 Value for money - 5/5 Overall, a really nice place...

Been here over last weekend for lunch, very quite place, food and service is good, buffet is like value for money with options ... Courteous staff go extra in servicing their customers

One of the best places in Cunningham road . Great food good taste right quantity.  Alcohol priced a bit higher.  Best place for buffet . Have had multiple visits with family here and they offer good service.  As it is underground restaurant you might miss the location in that one way road if you are on a drive

Had a great experience on the a la carte on a Saturday evening . The food is hot and yummy and service is prompt . Keep it up Team Banjara Melting pot.

A decent place for quick bites.. never disappointed with their avalakki(poha) or shavige uppittu..I like their oats cheela too. Safe on your pockets and good in taste too!

Average above food and good to sit in calm place . Ambience need to be looked at . Over all its good .keep going ...............................

Ordered some burger.got delivered in time,I didn't find it wow,it was okay.I tried only burger,but they have so much on menu, prices are reasonable, recommended for quick bites.

I had food here lot of times,great taste and healty and outlet is calm and relax ,staffs are good to interact  and very good place to dine ,,,waitng for visit again and again

The food is here is good but I think can be better. The ambience was  good. The service was also good but the taste could have been more better.   Quality 3/5 Service 4.5/5 Location 4/5

Cleanliness and place is awesome. Price is average or may be little bit more but for the quality it is really worth it.  I would like to review based on my experience today. We ordered all veg items. We specifically asked to make it spicy and they were good. Starters: Paneer tikka, peanut masala was good. Manchurian items are ok but quantity was less. I prefer non Manchurian starters there. Main course: Rumali roti was good, corn peas gravy and some mixed veg gravy were good.  Soda : masala soda...

A generic business  hotel. No bells n whistles. You wont miss it, remember it, forget it, or want to re-visit it.   I found the draught  to be well drawn; for the folly was in the brand -fosters.  The food I didn't like... It burnt a hole all the way down to my stomach. .. n onwards. ... this was the buffet thus the chef couldn't  have had a vendetta  against me...

Decent Food Taste... But location is pretty Remote and little tough to locate...  Ambiance is very nice... especially the Pool Side arrangement..... Just Loved it...  Only issue is its location... pretty inside and located in a Remote area...  Else, it was good  - Manish Agrawal

Been here once and the ambience is what i liked, cool and chilled out. The drinks especially the cocktails are prepared well and served stylishly. The bar food is good. Will definitely visit again.

A bliss if you are dining pool side. Quite reasonable to the ambience it provides. Quick service and good food quality. Just make sure you don't land there before the sun sets.

Had been to this place more than 4times it's on the KIA road but a little interior and its a quiet and relaxing place. Ala carte is better when compared to buffet. Please don't try buffet it's pathetic and felt it was not fresh. The aviator pub is decent and they also have open space near swimming I think only this attracts the crowd.

Aviator is a part of the goldfinch resorts located near the ITC factory on the bia road. I had been here for a family get-together dinner. Aviator is located right next to the pool...great for organizing parties....or a nice poolside dining experience. However...the dining area and the bar is located in the lounge. The aviator lounge as the name says it is themed on aviation. The decor is at its finest...prop blades and aviation uniforms placed inside to give it that aviation theme.  The food he...

An avaiation cum war themed bar is truly unique. Located at Retreat at Goldfinch Hotel near the International Airport this bar is a very cute place filled with curios and photographs dating back to world war eras with special devotion to aviation.The bar itself is very well stocked serving a wide variety of wines, hard liquor, beers and a nice selection of cocktails, mocktails and fresh fruit juices. The barman is also very cooperative and willing to rustle up cocktails based on your suggestio...

Definitely worth (punjabi cuisine) with veg n non veg.... Veggers, Like me can also tryout spicy sometime,...,,,Soups are really good, Butter kulcha is awesome , Rotis are here, very soft with Paneer Butter Masala....(Spicy n Yummy).....  Tryout once.....For who likes spicy food....;);)

It was Saturday afternoon, when we saw a newly opened Spice Point next to Nagarjuna and immediately wanted to give it a try. And it was worth it. I ordered Chicken tawa patiyala, and my wife ordered one bread basket and some veg curry (Forgot the name :) ). The bread basket was enough for 3 people minimum. All the item was freshly cooked and tasted good. We couldn't eat all and had to get it packed. Overall, nice north indian style food one can enjoy here.

It was already 4pm by the time we went looking for a restaurant. Most of them were closed or not serving food since its an awkward hour for lunch. We looked at Chung Wah Opus & Nagarjuna. None of them were serving food. Then we found this small looking place right next to Nagarjuna which serves Punjabi cuisine. They said they were open. Although it was totally empty, they were ready to serve food at that time.  We took our seats and the waiter came to take our order. My friends ordered a non-veg...

We ordered Basa Tawa Fry, Lady fish curry and Chicken biryani. The fish dishes were delicious. Ambience is just right for a family outing. Value for money. Overall, a great place for all seafood lovers! :)

I was here to celebrate a special day .. along with my husband. We realized instead of ordering individually we can go for a "sea food thali" where we get to taste a variety of food in limited quantity but absolutely loved the thali. It comprised of one rava fish fry (seer), mussels, prawn,surmai fish curry, crab masala and regular accompaniments. We also ordered for 2 mocktails (insisted by the crew) - which was an average fare. But on the whole the Thali was great, the portion was more than su...

A good place for sea food. Tried the thali, was pretty gud. had lot of options and more than enough quantity. friends tried other prawn fish curries and appam, were all gud. only blip was time to serve. they were not full, still took lot of time to serve. and we had ordered some papad, was too oily! but overall worth to try for sea food.

A fine dine seafood restaurant. I ordered squids sukka which was really amazing. Lobsters are generally costly but for an experience do order masala lobster which is beyond the taste explanation. Crab was also nice. Main course we had fish curry mangalore style which was nothing so special. Ambience is definately of a fine dine. Staff is courteous. Service is quick. Food is too good. Highly recommended

This is a small mess which is located near Tippasandra. They serve kerala meals and biriyani in the afternoon and other variety for dinner.   We visited for dinner and ordered appam, kerala poratto, beef fry and chicken poricathu.  Appam and proatta was served hot and beef fry is tasty but the quantity was very less and the chicken was tasty but again the quantity was very less.   I have tried their meals which is also good.  A Pocket friendly place but thy should consider increasing their quant...

This is one of the most hygienic mess I have visited in new thippasandra.  Gets crowded at times,  make sure you go at around 1pm.  I'd you go late,  you may not get some food items.  Taste wise it's very good and is pretty cheap.

Small outlet but grt kerala fud,try the biriyanni and fish meals.grt fud Must try tis.  Fast delivery , gud snacks at evng. Beef biriyanni is also gud.

Really good food. Please try the chicken roast and puttu  Their veg varieties are also very authentic. Another must try is banana fritters ..

It is a very small outlet. Nothing fancy but lip smacking finger licking delicious food. I love authentic kerala non veg food and i get the exact thing here. If u ever happen to visit this shop please try its chicken roast and malabar porata... yum!!

We were slogging at work on an off day weekend and were contemplating on whether to order a delivery or have something from the office canteen. We immediately sprung up at the thought of biryani and thought of all sorts of places and finally there was no argument when it came to Ammi's Biryani. We ordered online, a family pack chicken hyderabadi biryani which said it would serve 3-4 people, trust me, that's very accurate. The packaging was good, we were super hungry and 4 of us. Quantity was jus...

As a bong I like kolkata style biriyani the most . But the taste of Ammi's biriyani was ok , not bad . Though the quantity compare to the price not so good . This outlet of ammi's biriyani is bit small .

I like ammis whenever I'll really hungry and crave for biryani. There delivery is pretty fast and I love the taste of there biryani. Though not sure why they have stopped chicken Hari mirch biryani. That was my favorite.. anyways it's good to order from here never had to reach back to the store or zomato for the quality of the food or late delivery.. totally happy

Had bought a deal from little app for take away veg biryani at Ammi's. Good staff and quick service. Biryani was good served with raita. Packing was also good. The quantity was suficient for 1 person. Lite food.

The quality of food offered is decent. The trademark biryani taste is present but you could catch it when you are lucky. If you are looking for a place to dine in your could avoid it. However above all the major issue is with the content of the food which is in the disguise of ridiculously good packing.

A decent place to spend time , we had ordered a chocolate milkshake , chicken burger and pizza . Order took a very long time to come , and its a small place so finding a seat is also difficult

A quick hangout place with good ambience and average food. The place can be easily spotted. Veg pizza was spicy and tasty compared to the fries and rolls we ordered.

It is situated in Assaye road near Frazer town. Small cafe with a good ambience. The food is pretty average. Good for a quick bite and a short hangout with friends.

Local moca,decent coffee shop with limited stuff(running pretty well) Ambiance is pretty rustic here  Almost everything one needs to peace out life a bit after long day work Limited menu items Not very funky but manageable Staff is pretty well mannered and the way they suppose to be Coffees are well made n served Prices are pretty reasonable too Best to hangout with friends, can be a meeting place too Haven't tried anything from food menu(didn't appeal me)  Make required changes to the food menu...

The menu is not that widespread the food or snacks is limited the pizza is decent enough and so is the chicken burger is manageable coffee is the best thing here and you can hangout here the ambiance is decent .

Crisply Dosa was very very good with spicy sambar, chutney & Thate idly was very soft and very tasty.  It is very pocket friendly as RS30 for masala dosa & RS15 for thate idly was awesome.  But bit crowd on weekends,  Must Try - Dosas & thate idly

Dosa craving fulfilled for an entire week Crispy Masala Dose with plain sambar, white dal chutney and onion chutney only at Om Sai Skanda Dosa Camp at Cambridge layout, near Sai baba Temple, Ulsoor. Try their crispy Vada & bath dosa. The best ever Dosa.

I always wonder why people will crowd and fight for food .. After visiting this place  will come to know.. Was here at Sai skanda dosa camp on Sunday morning and surprise to see crowd ordering their favorite foods.  Location: Near to Sai baba temple, Ulsoor Food: It's a tiny place and serves south indian food.. I ordered for Idli Vada and Shavige masala dosa..  Idli and Vada > hey it's thatte idli .. It was big in size served with Chutney and sambar ..  Thatte idli was what is famous here and ...

Usually visit this place on my visit to sai baba temple. This place is usually crowded in the evenings and over crowded on Thursdays. This place is somewhere between sai baba temple and jute cottage. You will have to stand on the foot path and relish what you have ordered as they do not have a place to sit. Ghee dosas are one of the best In this area. Idly dosa sevige bath all are decent. Also do try out Masala puri in a push cart just next to this place that's also awesome, this person uses som...

Very gud place for a crisp buttery dosa  ... Their baath masala dosa is soo famous it'll leave u drooling... Their saavige baath is one thing which I liked personally ... The other items in the menu is equally gud and those crispy vada ... I personally feel like they can improve on their chutney and sambar it'll take their dishes to a completely new level ... (It's my personal opinion)... It doesn't hav a seating facility so that's a minus .. it's service is quick quality is ...

A typical tamil nadu style restaurant. I was here to try their breakfast early in the morning. If your soul is kannada cuisine fan, then this is just one time to try restaurant. I odered vegetable rice bath, vada, idly and coffee. Rice bath was less spicy, vada was not fascinating like other kannada darshini style joints. Idly is completely different, it's more spongy than fluffy like kannda darshini style resturant. Sambar is watery and don't get absorbed by idly. If you like to explore tamil n...

Wish they have a bigger one with more branches! Nevertheless, some of the softest idlis in town. The vadas filter coffee ghee dosa - everything is worth trying. Best time to visit - mornings - when everything is being prepared freshly and is simmering hot!

Best south Indian food. Amazing meals. Every person should write down saravana hotel meals in their bucket list. It is that amazing. People say service wasn't good. But people here are a bit shy if you talk to them politely they will try to communicate as they don't know Kannada properly. I wish there were many branches in Bangalore. This place is a bit far for me but when ever I'm near I do give a visit just for the amazing meals.

Visited this place today while shopping in commercial and wanted to eat something. We ordered idli, onion uttpam and filter coffee. The idli and uttpam were nice but the sambhar was like hot water with salt no taste. They have four idlis in one plate. Its like cheap and best.  Filter coffer was amazing.

If you are craving for Yummilicious hot Medu Wada / Daal Wada , this is the right place to have it. Don't forget to have tea as well. Even 1 plate of idli will have 4-5 pcs of idlis, sufficient enough for 1 person. They have a serving space at 1st floor, but I have always preferred to have it standing on the street.

Doesnt have the taste that it had before These guys are overly priced compared all other fast food in and around  Not satisfied off late and have stopped visiting this place. They need to add some new dishes to their menu and keep their prices reasonable. Vadas are pathetic and full of oil

The outlet is located on the road from bangalore towards mysore. The place looks interesting and has enough seating space.  The crowd includes both families and young People. The food is just about okay.. tried their chicken thali. The food didn't look that great but one chilli based chicken dish tasted nice. The service is little slow. Veg meal has extremely sweet desert.

Another restaurant which has stood the test of time. Very reasonably priced. I have tried banana bajji's and coffee. Can't say much of the rest of the stuff at this moment.  The menu looks very promising thou  Don't expect high levels of cleanliness here.  I wish tHey cover their pakoras and bajji's displayed right after their entrance.  Zip in Zip Out restaurant

Best south Indian cuisine available in malleswara near big bazaar. Chinese menu is available. Pretty good ambience. Has decent space to enjoy meal . Good tasty preparation of south menu... idly, dosa, puri. Gobi Manchurian is superb and melts in mouth.

This place is pretty famous in and around Malleswaram and why not? It has tasty South Indian food! The Set Dosa along with Chana is the best dish. Other dishes include Chinese as well.. The prices are good.. It also a place to sit and relish the south indian cuisine!

Nothing interesting in there..food wasn't bad though service was delayed.. :-!

Situated in a prime location of kamanhalli beside BBQ nation.menu is huge and lot of varieties but my take on this place is good for a non vegetarian.foods are bit extra oily and have to work on the service though mahout crowd was option for home delivery.

One of the best places to pick up or eat decent mughlai food at a good price. Wouldn't call it cheap, but still reasonable. Rolls, though slightly expensive for my taste,  are huge in size and a meal in themselves. Curries, starters, tawa parathas are all good and at par with any established restaurant. This particular outlet is slightly small in size to sit comfortably and eat. If you want the same food with a better ambiance and service, you can visit their Kalyannagar outlet. Overall, a savio...

I have been the customer of this place from last 4 5 years. It used to have fast service and tasty food which I think have went down over the period of time.

Indian non-veg street food at its best. Things I'd recommed are - Double egg chicken roll (I like my food in big portions ), barbeque chicken, chicken kabab and my favorite combination: Tawa Paratha and kadai chicken gravy. I have to warn you though that the food is on the super spicy side, especially the chicken kabab and kadai chicken gravy. So if you've got a weak stomach, I'd suggest that you stay away. But for myself, it is still the spicier the better.

Great place to hangout with family here. The taste of Biryani was awesome. But I felt little bit unsatisfied with Non veg curry which I was order Chicken tikka masala boneless, was overcooked and salty. Ambience was good but need to improve services. Waiters are quite lazy and helpless manner. Overall food was good.

Good food service needs to improve and cleanses has to me maintained and some training is required on how to handle guest over we had a ok experience and must say we had good fun

The place is really good , quiet . After u get tired with the games u play in wonderla, the best place to have dinner and chill out . The place is crowd or something , just a few people with the writers and manager , I tried buffet in the dinner which is really good in taste , quantity all . They have many varieties .  Staters was good only thing was it was not hot , pasta which I loved most over there live pasta , he makes it very good . Roti and other items are really good . The salads they se...

Everything is quite nice. Ambience food etc. But the main problem is with the very idea of having a fine dining restaurant in wonderland. You can't stop here while travelling to Mysore nor would you eat here when enjoying at wonderla.

My in laws live on mysore road and we have been desperately trying to find a fine dining restaurant. We were pleasantly surprised to find what we needed in woods at Wonderla. The food tasted really good with a good buffet spread. Special mention for the butter chicken. Staff were very courteous especially Mr Praveen who organised a cake cutting ( uncle's birthday) at the pool side area. A definite go to lace for all residents of mysore road and also.for bangaloreans travelling to mysore

Found out that Wonderla has a resort that serves amazing buffet through Zomato. Came here with my cousins from Australia. Really liked their lunch menu. Too bad it's far from the city would definitely come by more often if it was closer. But for now I know where to eat everytime i visit Wonderla . Must visit !

Very slow service.

Average! Oily food, mostly main course. Veg starters are better though. Nothing extraordinary.  Half of the options are not available on Mondays.

Visited this place today with an uncertain fear of the cost being quite high. Ordered a chicken biriyani and chicken kabab. The food was good though not upto the mark. My friend had mutton biriyani and was eating with relish. The bill was pocket friendly still the taste and the quality could have been better. Overall a good place to dine and being located in a good place it has an edge over other food corners. Cheers..

Biryani paradise is  one f the my memories.  I tested..all food   in that restaurant.. Resnabale price in that City. Koti rotti.koti dosa is yum mm mm mm mm mm my....andra style chilly Ckn was great test...(cook name is mahesh)  mangar  Shekar shetty cashiers Santhosh shetty. Pepols talking like  friendly

My very first visit to a restaurant in Bangalore. I visited this place with my friend, as we were walking around the 7 th block looking for a place to have dinner,it started raining and we spotted this place. We ordered 2 kulchas, mushroom fried rice, butter chicken and lassi. Easy on the pockets, reasonable portions of servings and the food tasted so good. The bill came upto Rs. 380 which was totally worth it. A good place to visit when you're running out of cash but still want to have good non...

I've been here a couple of times. I tasted the Karnataka's version of Biriyani here for the first time. Taste was good but not great. It was very spicy. Side dishes were also between good and average. Service was very much average. Ambience easily gets noisy even with just 3 table full of people as it's a tidy place. On the whole an average restaurant.

Have gone to this reataurant many a times. The parathas a good over here. Great place for all non-vegetarian food lovers. Had tried their biryani as well. It's delicious too 

Yes veeery sober Biryanis...!!! I had in few outlets and tries here too..!! I ordered for a take away..!! Tastes same but with delivery stuff dey have really improved than before..!!!

I did take a parcel of executive chicken meal once.. My expectation was that it will be quite different from the other biriyanis.. Though it was slightly different but not made me hungry to go again.. They have a seating space as well at this location if u wanna eat..

So so place. Have been there twice. Foods not all that great but it aint all that bad either. If your going to this place you got to be ready to wait ! A long time !  V ordered it took us approximately 45 mins to an hour to get the food and that too only for two dishes. The pasta al forno was pretty gud but the risotto was bad. And wen I say bad I mean bad ! Service needs to be improved. Heard some of the dishes are gud and some have got pretty bad reviews so not sure if I would be visiting this...

This is probably my harshest review yet! But Veekes & Thomas, you did let me down :/  Maybe I visited the outlet on a bad day - there were mosquitoes that were just sucking me dry, and the bathroom didn't have water. Repeated requests to at least provide water supply for the hand-wash didn't yield any results.  Previously, I had tried the Steamed Chicken Momos and Chicken skewers from the Chinese wing of the same outlet. I was pleased with the food, although the momos aren't always available whe...

Here's a place that says appearances can be deceptive. It may not look all that appealing from outside but make sure that doesn't stop you from stepping inside. It's close to where I work and so i'm a frequent customer.   I absolutely love their peri peri chicken. The chili sauce that comes with it is the best sauce ever. The sauce is also served with the complimentary bread when you take a seat (although I must add that sometimes they do not serve the complimentary bread). I haven't tried any ...

Food wise, absolutely great, Mustard & Chilli rice - loved it!! Decent music playing, pretty simple yet beautiful ambience. Complimentary starters too.. Issues: Bad management, messed our orders( although, they made that Pasta free), could be served much quicker & please give some chutney/sauces!

Pocket friendly restaurant which serves good biryani . Its a small place near domlur flyover. Where you will get good biryani worth 80 and 100 Rs. Try chicken kebab biryani its a must eat biryani from there. Its a complete biryani centre.

It was really good for biriyani! I ordered for my lunch.. it really impressed me for their taste and the quantity! Chicken lollipops were amazing! It's really very cheap. Loved it! I am now gonna order from here ..it's great !

Ordered Biriyani from here several times, trust me it's the best spot for Biriyani lovers, especially when you are out of bucks, the prices are very reasonable, you can go for chicken kebab Biriyani and chicken green masala as those are the perfect ones also they deliver your food within 30 mins of placing the order without any delays or hazzles.

Nothing much to describe about this place. Menu is also not fancy here. Biriyani is good. Quantity is even better. It's always been delivery so not sure of how the place is. When u don't want to burn a hole in ur pocket and u need a heavy meal. This is the place.

I decided not to go by reviews and ordered delivery from here. Liked the food.  I had ordered chicken Pachdi masala, chicken chettinadu fry and chicken dum biryani. This came up to 320 Rs.  The best part was that the chicken was melt in your mouth soft and had absorbed enough of the gravy flavours. I usually do not like the chicken pieces in the biryani but this was soft and tasted great without dipping into gravy. The rice was light and tasty and though the quantity was good, I was able to eat ...

This place truly deserves a good rating, Their pita with falafel is really good. I heard that they even distribute pita to other vendors of the city . But most of the times when we reach their on weekend they say its over. So whenever we want we just call them and confirm first before driving a long way to this place. Would recommend to add Non-Veg variety as well

Probably the best Falafel place in Bangalore, amazing Falafel, The best pita I've had, but its the Hummus, Tahini and their other sauces that are truly their best dishes, I wish they would move out of that beat down place and into a better location. Also Deliver!!!!

Perhaps the only falafel in Bangalore that comes close to the real thing. Cheap and awesome! They use an actual peta bread unlike some other restaurants and the dumplings taste quite authentic. Lots of veggies and stuff make it really tasty. Their Capuccino pastry was also nice. It's really sad that the rest of the mall is so pathetic. I hope this restaurant doesn't move out.

Really awesome place if ur in search of some amazing indian-italian combo cuisine!!

Agaman has Best buffet for Vegetarians, If you dine-in you must taste cheese paratha, garlic spinach noodles , chocolate hot fudge, these are super cool, few variety of roti and kulcha as usual menu, and good curries too. Ambience - 3.5/5 taste - 4/5 Overall - 3.5/5

If you are a vegetarian you will appreciate this place. It is little costlier than your usual veg restaurant but you won't be disappointed with the food. Service is little slow. In short you should give it a try.

I was a amazing dinner at mask . Beautyful ambiance, friendly staff, lovely food. Specially mix sizzler, Moroccan chicken and grill chicken was awesome mouth melting food. Even cocktails are too good what ever i tried. Perfect place to hangout with dear one.

I have been to this place twice and love had one of the exprience here. The ambience and the way they serve their food is outstanding.. bar man (Raj)suggest me blue martini which was mesmerizing to look and delicious in taste thank you..

Good place to be in, when you want some leisure time to be spent with your loved ones. The ambiance of the restaurant is decent, no frills. Quite place. Food is good, but very limited menu. The service staff is co-operative and always attentive.   Final Verdict  : Will definitely go again.

Been to lunch ..no much ppl around u can definitely drop in here wit ur date. :p service was good ambience good but tiny plAce..would lov to visit soon again :)

First the place is small and so cute. Its a nice place for a small talk with a friend. The place is easy to find, right on the main road of Indiranagar next to Toit. My Favourites are DEATH BY CHOCOLATE, LADY IN RED, LEMON ZEST and MOCHA cupcakes. If you are a chocolate lover then youll worship DEATH  BY CHOCOLATE. The cupcakes are super moist and the frosting arent too sweet, its just perfect. Sometimes when i cant go to get it, I just order it online and its home in 2 hours. Peo...

This is one of the best cupcakes I've had the pleasure of eating ever (India). They have branches in Bangalore and Chennai. Their Carmelita cupcake is to die for! Have also tried the Rainbow cake and it is very good too. Unfortunately their outlet is a very small one and it's location makes it difficult for parking.

This little cakery sits up right next to toit brewery. I walked up his place while I was waiting for my friends to arrive. It's a cute cakery very well done up and averagely priced. I ordered for the death by chocolate cupcake. I live the chocolate cream they used, that was very rich in taste. The cake was moist and soft, for a chocolate lover it's a must try.  The rocky road looked quiet tempting but I didn't have a big appetite for sweets that night, but I can defiantly judge by the way the ro...

The cupcakes here are really tasty , the location is great but the cupcakes are pretty over priced they range from 80 - 110 . They also make birthday cakes .

Being from Ahmedabad, I was really used to Buttercupp which is a synonym for Cupcakes!! Any Amdavadi would agree to this.  Me and my friends really wanted to have some cupcakes and finally ended up visiting this place. They are located on the first floor so avoid taking people with knee pains here. Its a small quaint place with lovely decor.   They had these really cute cupcakes on display. I ordered 8 cupcakes but can't really say how most of them tasted:  Lady in Red (eggless) - was okay, Deat...

Sad they closed down...I truly enjoyed the cola wings, Pollo Fritto & Perfect Citrus Potatoes...BHOOT JOLOKIA CHICKEN is something i will never forget it was the best...oh my the times spent at Bak Bak was awesome...

Cannot believe this place is closing down.!!!!! Have been there on a saturday night. It leaves you  with various Options. On a Friday night, U would have live music which is really adorable. On a Saturday night, The DJ- really guuud. The drinks are awesome. Should mention the German Liquor . Took a shot with Red Bull. Nyyyyyccccc..  And I must mention the 115 inch TV mounted above 14 or 15ft. On a good soccer match day, its the best place to. worth the every penny you spend on that day.

One of the best places in koramangala. Quite an happening bar  spread over a large area, with almost two floors, with amazing service. The food and the drinks taste pretty good. The interiors are well designed. Definitely a place to visit if you are with a bunch of friends or esp. in times of matches, which are screened on their LED.

Omg! I can't believe I never reviewed this place and omg! I can't believe they are closing it down. I love this place mainly cause of their out of the box cocktail menu. Ambience is nice, like any other pub but sadly not that frequented. The food here is yum. Tried their Onion Rings, their very famous Honey Chilli Potatoes, Chilli Fish (not on the menu), Buffalo Wings (once we even got too bold and asked for the flame thrower. Woaah!). Everything was great and delicious.  Now coming to their coc...

Love the setup of this place, whether being seated in normal chairs or the bar stool sit-up. Those coloured horns are funny looking. For me, beer is the most valued thing when it comes to a pub and I already had a favourite - Budweiser magnum. But here another love story blossomed between me and Corona. This is the first place where I had it and was blown away by the lightness of it. So this place is sorta special for me.   Off the veg starters, honey chilli potato is easily the best one. They d...

This place kind of really old in the list of drinking place on Bangalores list. But the ambience is really dull. This place is suitable for drink only. Believe me you can't enjoy with your family. Price is really not a problem but again the service side really a lay down for the outlet. The servers I will not call them waiters. They don't know the minimum service ethics how to attend a guest Here I am not talking about food or drink service. The food is prepared by some local guy for sure. No...

This place just 5 mins from my college and is great place to have some nice mallu breakfast. The typical Kerala style breakfast which this place offers is my favourite.  The iddiappam and chicken curry tastes so good that it reminds me of the ones I've had in Kerala itself.  The lunch and dinner menu however is like most other places and is okish.  I would definitely go to this place again for breakfast alone.

My fiance had introduced me to this restaurant and this has been since then our hangout place. They give good food at amazingly cheap rate and also their online food delivery is super fast.  Must visit restaurant nd its good for your pocket too :)

I was sitting in office and got a call from friends for dinner. So we all went into this place. Ambiance has to improve a lot as it was totally dull. We first ordered for soup and it was okay. Then we ordered for uppam and butter chicken. Uppam was okay however butter chicken was not good. Chicken was hard due to over cooking it in tandoor and the gravy was not up to the mark. Now coming to service. The waiter was courteous but we had to remind him for the order again and again even after he had...

best place for kerala food lovers who are staying in AECS layout. They provide appam, idiyappam, puttu, kappa, fish curry, malabar chicken biriyani, fish biriyani and more for the best price

I went their with a group of 20 people. This is a very calm and serene place to relax. The food is decent depending in people tastes. The staff hospitality is worth an appreciation as they would try their best to make ur stay an amaxing experience

The kitchen serving only ethnic THATTAKADA Kerala cuisine leads to the huge Gulmohur dining hall designed to let in the natural outside breeze. Only the stone Jaalis and saambrani were amiss.   The spacious lobby and two conference halls are all on the ground level. The corridors in open street style add charm to the Mediterranean architecture. Rooms are very spacious and like the surroundings do not give the feeling of being hemmed in. The lobby that opens to the outside where pyramid shaped st...

Yeah, you may be tired of hearing this. .but the puliyogare from Puliyogare Point is really as good as it gets. Gotta love their proper Iyengar-style puliyogare with the right proportion of peanuts & curry leaves to rice.

Absolutely fabulous items, whether in Bangalore or Chennapatna, same taste and flavour. Hats off to the Chefs and the couple who created Kadambam. May God bless and shower peace in their entire life.  D SATISH KUMAR  9731643004

Heavenly! Wat a concoction of flavours. I have tasted puliyogare all my life but this is what beats every1 hands down. Such a burts of spices & flavours when you eat is phenomenal. Coming to the place, it's a small place enuf to accommodate 20 ppl or so but hygienic. Prices are not at all heavy on pocket. Havent tasted anything other than puliyogare and coffee and it was pure bliss. Will surely be here many many times & if you have that longing for puliyogare this is the summit. Eat well & sprea...

Amazing Pulivogre, I have been visiting this place since 2004. Still the same taste and love to eat here. Small place in Basavanagudi, but they have many repeated customers for sure. I always tried pulivogre and sweet Pongal which is also my favourite, so can't comment on other menu items. Only change since 2004 is the price but quantity is still same. :)

Serves delicious a puliyogare.. And everything else is just OK. This place has a lot of regular customers from the neighborhood.   Ambience is pretty much nothing. It has been the same for years. Just a room for self service with good old tables and plastic chairs.  Also has a self service room next to the service room and it is just as old as you can think and feel. The place is clean and tidy.   Service is below average. Staff is not friendly and sometimes rude.   Food is good. I like the puli...

Siapa suka salad? Bagi iday salad dekat Viv's Boutique Cafe sedikit berbeza dari mana-mana tempat iday review sebelum ni sebab salad disini diletakkan mango citrus dressing. Hidangan sedap ni boleh diorder dengan harga RM14.90 . Oh, ada bread crumbs! Tak pernah taw bread crumbs sedap kalau makan dengan salad. Korang patut try :)  Iday sebenarnya tak sangka dekat Viv's Boutique Cafe ada Bento Set. Hahaha Padahal nama pon kedai Asian fusion kan. Islam's faveret la ni. Dia bukan letak nasi putih ca...

Do you know that Departure Lounge has recently just converted its cafe at Solaris Mont Kiara to a new restaurant called Wanderlust? The departure from a cafe to a restaurant idea was sprung out by its owners as they do not want to serve only good coffee but also good food. So fans of Departure Lounge, you can continue to enjoy great coffee at their newly opened restaurant called Wanderlust.  Last week, we were invited by Wanderlust to have some samples on their food. Our dinner took off ...

A Humber Lakeshore student favorite, with their wing nights and beer. I personally like this place, but I like Brooklyn Haus a little better, and that's mainly because there are a couple of servers who aren't the friendliest. It is essentially a sports bar, with usually a good noisy crowd. On wing nights, its 60 cents a wing.

A new hang out place that been open 2 month back...if not mistaken...hehe Alot food & drink selection to be order....... The shop Located same Row With Publicbank SS2,Before This NEW Shop of food talk Cafe,it was hainan coffee if you familiar With SS2....

The food is excellent... best uthapa in pune. ... amazing spdp...and the sambhar is awesome..

Does one need to escape to far away places ?  The gazebo affords views of the different shades of green all around, as stone pavilions skirt the border on one side of the pool.  Here the delicate and the rugged are well balanced. The Parkfield Resotel at Hoskote, located 35 kms from Bengaluru, exotically crafted on a landscape of 35 acres. Plans are afoot for a one of its kind helipad facility. Drifting into dream land is so much fun here.  The topography changes and the city is left far behind ...

Wanna spend 3 hours for lunch? Well, this is the place for you. The service is that slow.  Coming to food, nope it wasn't up to the mark. Overpriced for the quality they serve.   I don't know why it's always crowdy. Wouldn't recommend.

I have been there with my husband, he goes there frequently. I really loved the food and ambience. We ordered only non veg food and everything was perfect.

I have visited here few times with my home being just two roads away. I cant really rate about the non veg food since am a veggie, but vegetarian food is decent and have not heard any complaints for non veg food either.   You can have a andhra style meal which is good and fills your belly, roof top Ambience is decent and the food is also evenly priced.

Though service is okayish, it gives an unfriendly atmosphere... My experience was on my birthday party, and the waiter was literally forcing us to go out quickly as there was some God damn whatever about to happen... I would suggest you 'chuck' this restaurant... I wish I remembered that waiter or maitre de or whatever he was... I would surely leave his name in here... The worst place ever... If i have rated 2.5, it's for the taste and not for the service... Mind that Swathi Restaurant... I was...

In a strictly packed area, at a distance of 0.5 km from Raj Bhavan, Vidhana Soudha & Indian Express Junction, this restaurant shares space with The Capitol Hotel and serves good food. We had been for a buffet lunch here. The quality of food was good. However, the number of items were very less (10-12). There is also an a restaurant serving food on ala carte. A decent bet for a regular lunch.

I remember Woody's from my childhood days and the place looks so rundown. While the dosa was great and quite tasty, the medu vada was cold and not at all tasty.  No longer a must visit while in bangalore

Excellent buffet south indian buffet breakfast with very good service. The banan leaf traditional lunch is like home-cooked food - not oily and over-spiced. The rates are very reasonable. Clean and refreshing. Ample parking, in the city centre without the dust, noise and pollution. I wish that on festival days like Makara Sankranti and Ugadi, traditional habbada oota would be prepared. An extra charge for a special meal would be acceptable.

What a sad come down !!! Woodlands is a legend in South Indian food - particularly their meals.  The first time I had their food was in Mysore.  Then I found this place in Bangalore and have been a regular.  For the past 2 or 3 visits in the last 4 months I have been very disappointed with the fall in standards - particularly service. Initially I thought it could be an aberration / temporary problem but alas this seems to be the norm now. The food continues to be excellent but the personal at...

Very good food at affordable rates. I had the unlimited breakfast buffet and was more than full, with the idlis, vada and dosa! The Upma was also quite good and the piping hot filter coffee to wash it down was superb! Very courteous staff and prompt service as well.

Good food served on plantain leaf. The rate is also pretty good. The amount of dishes served is a lot. You need to have a good appetite if you want to finish everything on the leaf. The food isn't too spicy and it isn't too oily also, which is a good thing.

TAO is an experience because of its beautiful interiors and food quality. My personal favourite is the prawn rice there! Mocktails are also very good. The top part is also very fun. Especially weekends are really lit. The view is great and it's very breezy!

food and decor is good but the service is bad. To many follow ups required to get what you ordered on the table. The waiters did not even serve water before  they put the food on the table. You also have to wait a long time for your bill.

The ambiance is amazing, like beyond words I cannot describe how amazing the ambiance is of this place... Asian food lovers are in for a treat, slightly on the expensive side but so damn worth it. Highly highly recommended...

The ambience is apt to have a nice quiet romantic dinner. We ordered for Korean Kibimbap and Pork belly dimsums, and dimsums were very good, the pokr filling cooked to the right flavour and measure. The Kibimbap was very generously portioned for two people. Overall a nice place to have good asian food,very conveniently located, courteous stuff and  a quiet dimly lit romantic place.

A great deal for a always healthy food with lots and lots of vegges.  It is also special for people who can go there after their gym as being extremely hungry and getting a low fat food with full of taste which will test your tastebuds with different flavours at the same point in time. <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-29169212" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/ajay-pratap-singh-sisodia-29169212">Ajay Pratap Singh Sisodia</a></span> <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-11822151" href="https://www.zom...

Subway.. The highly customized food service provider. You just can't miss even a bit of it. Keeping ambitious a part. We need to count on taste and hygiene. They are best of there kind. I love it.. Can anyone ask for topping any where else, absolutely not. But here its a BIG YESSSSSSS.....

My all time favorite place. Although they don't have "sub of the day" but I like this place very much. Fresh veggies, nice food. Definitely must must visit this place.

A pretty ambience, having tasty thirst quenching varieties seem the favourite of many party goers. Plenty of room for everyone but you might still find yourself on a long waiting list during rush hours.   The mango brew seems one of a kind here. Accompanied with, nevertheless, great food this place could be a little heavy on your wallet. A weekend place to be.

Nice ambience. Nice finger chips. Nice staff but the bartenders should know how to fill beer. Apart frm dis rest all is gud. Also the music. Thats <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-233916" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/amrita-raula-233916">Amrita Raula</a></span> <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-16030288" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/komal-kumar-16030288">Komal Kumar</a></span>

Good ambience and music. One the best place to chill out on weekends with frnds in M G road . Non veg appetisers are also very good . Bangalore bliss n Irish beer is a must have here

Great place. Awesome food. You won't have a dull moment here. Never wait for your table. Hit the bar. You get most of the food from there. And don't forget to put your dancing shoes on. It also has open seating in case you wish to have a puff.  Ambience - 5/5 Food - 4/5 Drink - 4/5 Music - 5/5 Service - 4/5

With out a doubt One of the best places in Bangalore to chill. Happy vibes around. Good music. Toothsome food. And the beer? Clearly one among the most tastiest. Must try is their signature ar-burger. Shrimp sandwich.

We had the dinner and seemed to be good enough. The food is well stuffed and cored to the taste. Good experience. Non veg food has cooked fine.

Came here for the office outing..so lunch was buffet.non-veg spread was less.but fish curry and steamed rice took my attention.I really enjoy that combination.. Overall experience was good..<span><a class="at-tags at-tags-871984" href="https://www.zomato.com/maxiyumm">Linet George</a></span>

Makes really good phulkas also the veg curries are pretty good. Less masalas

Its really good food and immediate delivery & sustained food quality. Plz do keep the same in future. Its really good. Home made food with nice quality.

It looks this eatery has now been takeover by Ghar ka khana guys. (Atleast the board says so). The rates are pretty low, so is the taste. This is typical north indian thali restaurant, hence, the upside is the quantity they serve up is quite good for the amount they charge. The seating capacity is very less, so be prepared to wait if you land up at busy hours.

We were in for a surprise after our home delivery order was delivered. After much thought, we had selected this restaurant to order a meal and parathas. The food was tasty, delivered in time and a complete value for money !!

The Gateway Hotel by Taj Resorts and Palaces is one of Bangalores best kept secrets. Known eponymously for its iconic Karavalli, I was excited to have received an invite for the ongoing Just Italy food festival at Sphyre, their in-house Resto-Bar.  As we sat down in a casual setup, Chef Tushar introduced us to his unique style of Italian cooking- a blend of the best from the North and the South of Italy. With his myriad experience working with Michelin Star restaurants in the Middle East and ...

If you get to sit by the pool, you will love the view.  They arranged oysters on request on an odd day. Cheff turned out to be a sweetheart explaining about the oysters and how to eat it.  Sangria was also good.

Dropped in late night for Light snack , had couple of Margarita pizza . Food was absolutely great .  Good ambience!  Good Service!  Great Food!  Overall Good place to explore!

gateway is the fulcrum of the town. for a power buffet hit this place. the service is a bit on the high time zone side. decor, ambiance and presentation very taj like. buffet has a multi chat counter , live pasta mixes and starters. main course constitutes with four items all of which are well chosen and made. dessert section : mousse, sweets and cake will make your post lunch session quite sedate.

Awesome place to be on a Saturday night but I guess they stopped the dancing here. Food is not out of the world but I loved it's boll ywood nights.   Drinks are good.  Ambience is great worth its playful lights

The ambience was great when it started, however it going south with poor up keeping.  Their Dal khichdi was out of the world, and our favorite. Their rotis and tandoor offerings were good and they need to maintain quality.

This place is really nice. I recommend the cream of mushroom soup here and the fish curry which is nice. It is dimly lit which makes it nice to have a conversation with family.  Ambience: 4 Food:4 Service: 4

Visited this place when it was newly opened. Located on the main Magadi road dasarahalli.very attractive ambience. Good food. A one time visit

Having limited options for dining in this area, we decided to try 'The Square Plate' on a Sunday eve. The decor is warm and welcoming. Something about the indoor plants give me a fresh nice vibe and I instantly start liking the place.   The service was a big disaster. We were made to wait for the basics like water, tissue papers, spoon and fork. When I raised the concern with the service, the manager was not even ready to hear it out.   The food is average. We ordered for Tomato Shorba which w...

At first I thought oh god where did I come :3  Location is bad. Went up to the terrace. Empty. Not a single soul. Later went to the restaurant and it looked amazing. I love the ambience. Food is yum and the servers are great too.

Hi All, couple weeks back went to this restro for the first time to get some delicacies for dinner. All was for takeaway, I ordered a Chicken Biriyani, a Veg Biriyani and a Butter Garlic Veg Noodles.  The ambience was good, big projector screen where some cricket match was going on, and on the other end nice bollywood drums playing.   The person taking the order, mistakenly (i guess) entered Hyderabadi Chicken Biriyani instead of Chicken Biriyani, when pointed out, he was prompt enough to return...

My personal opinion is that service is just as important as the food when it comes to eateries. I am a new resident in HSR layout and have been experimenting with a lot of restaurants to find one that delivers on both. It is easy to say, I  have found what I was looking for in Tandoori Chopsuey. The food is delicious, the staff polite and efficient and the service great! Prices are reasonable and the food is always delivered quickly. Just some of the reasons We love ordering from this restaurant...

Cafe Thulp in Whitefield serves as a horrible brother to its Koramangala cousin. Been there once and this place is the epitome of horrible service. I was there with a group of four and the onnly other people there were an elderly couple. They did not even bother to come and ask our order. Finally when they came over. The waiter did not even understand English. He did not even know what the dishes were. He did not even know Hindi for crying out loud and i bet a million he didn even know kannada!!...

I order regularly from thulp and thoroughly enjoy their burgers!! The quirky names add to joy of ordering for the most part,but they are still lacking quality is some of their dishes. STARTERS: Heart transplant- cheesy garlic fries 8/10 Buffalo Bill-9/10 Burgers: Moo's yo Daddy (all time fav) 10/10 Mother of all moos- besides for the size its pretty average 8/10 SPECIAL MOOSIES: Ho Chi Minh- very unique taste, another fav of mine 10/10 The Gonzeshwara- The fillet steak if done well with the egg ...

The food is fine but please decide on your delivery area and minimum charges  In January we ordered regularly from Thulp to prestige Shantineketan with a minimum order of 300 When we called today they suddenly have "not yet started delivering" to Shantineketan On telling them that we order regularly they say oh okay then minimum order is 600 and we have delivery charges of 8%  So please tell me what it really is cause i ate from there atleast once a week

Went to Thulp(Whitfield) with my family last Saturday. As I entered the beautifully done restaurant,I was a tad bit disappointed as I saw no customers. Let out a sigh of relief when I was given the menu, as it did not differ much from Thulp Kormangala. The best surprise was the food was as good as the Koramangala one. Way to go Thulp! You are going to have one customer pestering you for home deliveries :D ;-)

It's a good, cheap place for your daily meal. They serve nice puri bhaji for breakfasts and roti sabzi for dinner. They serve rice as well but I haven't tried. The taste is preety good especially for the price paid!

Small mess that serves the best Puri-chole-aloo sabji with a pinge of sindhi taste in town. It costs 40Rs for 5 puris and best in value for money. Their lassi is lip smacking with heavy aloo paranthas. Go at 8 and you will eat a lot of puris..  Ambience:3 Taste of food:5 Value for Money:5 Service:4

This is a month end fix for every near by youngster. It's a veg only place. They serve some North India stuffs and indo chinese food stuffs. Their charges also really good and place is really neat clean. If you compare the pricing it's way better than near by restaurants.

Nice medium/low Budget for regular food lovers. Here famous items are Samosa, Roti, Gobi, Morning breakfast Poori with Subji and Roti with Curry during evening hours. Prices are affordable. . Main point 100% we can trust on oil and Aata.

Run by awesome Hard working people. Aloo Paranthas, Lassi and Gulab Jamuns are awesome. Not to forget morning Puri Bhaaji. A good number of North Indian working bachelor population in Marathalli and its surrounding area is survivng because of them.

As a first timer for this very known place, it has been a pleasant experience. Though there are buffet options available, I would advise to go for ala carte as you would get to explore many dishes if you go with a bigger group. And also, the pizza you opt for in ala carte has thinner crust than the ones you get in buffet. At least that's what I had observed on that day. But no doubt, the peri peri chicken dish and pizza that we had ordered were yummy. And yes, though being a tad costly, it's wor...

The ambience at this place is really good but the food is decent. Have been here a couple of times but every time I have been there, I have liked some dishes a lot and not liked some at all. Not a place that I would visit often. A decent place.

Very good food. .. very homely environment n ambiance. . B there for a nice calm n really tasty meal.. It's worth visiting. . The food tasty esp the lasagna n tiramisu. .Also the pesto sauce pasta.. mmmmmmm. . Yummmm... The home delivery is also prompt. . The staff is also very friendly. . Loved the experience. .

Went in here with my brother on election day. Its a small place, and we were a bit sceptic. We were starving when we got there but we didn't have to wait too long! We are vegetarians, and we ordered a starter, a Gnocchi and some pasta. They were nice enough to cater to the kind of pasta, off the menu! It was a simple lovely meal. The Gnocchi was off the charts tasty. It was some great value for money. We got some takeaway too. Plan on doing that going forward! We just felt though, that so much m...

truly Italian !!! you waiting to have authentic Italian food at the lowest ever price ? this is the place !!! a house been made into a restaurant. quiet location, authentic Italian dishes cooked to perfection.  pocket friendly too. Three of us had full fledged dinner at 1200 INR !!!   Must must must visit place if you love Italian !!!

Based on the great reviews given here , my family and I went to the restaurant on a Thursday evening.  I have to say that I was very disappointed by everything .  1. The place is cramped...which can be overlooked 2. The first thing we were told was that no starters were available. Bit of a downer. 3. The plates are old melamine plates which looked grimy, in desperate need of a wash. 4.The service was pretty sad. Given that we were the first to enter the place..a couple came in later. Service was...

This place doesnt get enough credit for the amazing food they serve! They need to publicize more. Most so-called good Italian restaurants dont serve the kind of homely food you get here, and you pay a fraction of what you would pay there. I had the spinach and ricotta ravioli with pesto. The best pesto Ive had, hands down! The homemade pasta was so good that I now intend to buy a pasta machine and attempt making it at home. I will still go back though. If not for the pasta, then definit...

I have visited this place a lot of times as it is nearby.  It is a casual meal restaurant and the ambiance is normal.  The quality of food is not so great. Their veg meals are good for price. But the chicken is always stale and not fresh.  Their service isnt good as they forgot to pack parathas in my home-delivered meal. When inquired about it they said it was their mistake and they would resolve it during my next visit and then it had to be collected by myself. Haven't visited since that exp...

The food is on the better side but a lot needs to be improved. Ordered mutton meal, quantity was plentiful, however the quality is still far away from great.

Little chef is known for its veg platter. They give 4 rotis (or 2 roti with rice) with daal n some sabzi. Which is only for 90/- rs. It's right in front of nift. And we usually go there to eat. Taste is okayish. But very difficult to get normal food in such low price in hsr

We went for a dinner, we ordered chicken soup, chicken fried rice, chicken lollipop, chicken noodles.  Chicken lollipop was good, even the noodles was good but i dint like the fried rice, the soup was also not good

Chinese takeaway anyone? Well Kenny's is good. The taste is not heavenly but better than your average family restaurants. Their fried chicken is NOT like KFC so dnt expect that. Service is relatively quick and staff is decent enough. The quantity is decent and it fills you fine. So if your in a hurry back home from work and need some quick dinner, this place is worth a try

The chicken lolipops were ok. Fish was not very good. Chilli Paneer was ok. All the food was dry and not very good to have. But tastewise it was ok.

Awesome Chinese take away. Try once, You'll revisit again and again.... Try out Angel wings, butter Prawns, Squid pepper fry and yummy soups

Run by the Agarwal's, the closest I've gotten to North India in Bangalore. Aloo Paratha, Cheese Paratha, Pav Bhaji, Samosa, Badam Milk are a must try!  It's an open place, where you'll have to stand on a quiet footpath to eat which is pretty comfortable knowing there won't be any passerbys staring at your plate.

Tis is a small joint opp Maiyas, jayangr.   What did I eat :   Cheese paratha was decent and Pav bhaji wasn't special. Kesar Thandai was good but felt it isn't special.

Serves good chats and bread pakoda nice evening snack that can fill your tummy. Had masala puri and sev puri was hot at the time of delivery. Super quick delivery   Keep it up 

A small joint located near police station In jayanagar is a great place to grab some chats n small bites.. The taste here is very nice, but the vada pav did not have the authentic mumbai street food taste, the parathas, cheese fondue, pav bhai is worth the try... Try the rasgullas out here for the sweet tooth, the only thing lacking here is a good seating area, but if ur OK with standing n enjoying your snacks this is a must visit place.

If you are badly hungry just walk into this little place in Jayangar and you will walk out absolutely satisfied. From chole bhature to chaat to vada paav to its famous plate of cheesy goodness - cheese fondue .And don't forget the gulab jamoon.

It was a great experience, loved the ambience, food was mouth watering and service was exceptional. The only negative I would say was the music which made me feel out of place altogether.  Food - 4 Ambience - 5 Music - 2 Service - 5

been there with friends for drink and dinner. .. good place to hangout in evening with rooftop views !!   Quality of food   &ambience  was good though very limited choice for drinks. Staffs were friendly and helpful. worth visiting..

Just an OK rooftop restaurant in Sarjapur. Good view & ambience, but mixed opinion about their food. Desserts were nice, but main course wasn't. The place is generally empty.

It is a beautiful small joint run by good people. It is one of its kind. Food is amazing and the decor is very aesthetically done. I highly recommend this place for people who want to have good food with good environment with their friends!

Ambience- cool, innovative & peacefull.Food- great taste (cn't go out witout yummy tummy)Hospitality- Awsome!! My girlfrnd liked it. Price- preety affordable. Good for couples!!

The first thought as we entered the place was, "This is someone's verandah!" Curiously (and tastefully) decorated, though, I must say. We were informed there was indoor seating too, and we took a peek, and the first thought was, "This is someone's HOUSE!!" In the dim light, I could see some very 'regular house'-like furniture, and someone quietly sitting and eating her meal. She looked like a customer too, but we didn't feel comfortable in such a small enclosed space facing a total stranger. I a...

Nice small place for typical south Indian food in middle of meadly of you-name-it cuisines and eateries. The food here is decent and straightforward but the quality is top notch and competes well with its non similar cuisines pretty well. I have eaten at lots of places and I think I have not eaten better Vada anywhere else, maybe at MTR.

I visit this place very often. Prices are very reasonable and the staff are friendly since I'm a regular customer. I have tried almost all the dishes here. The best dish what I like is Rava Idli from this place. It's so soft and yumm.. Chats are very good too. Worth trying!

Ambience - Tiffany's,  no sitting Options - good Taste - very good Service - Good Affordable place for a quick bite, just visit once and within few days it will become ur go to destiny for any not so special occasions

A normal fast food that serves tasty food at affordable price. I personally like the Paneer butter masala prepared here. Better than many other fast foods near by and worth getting a parcel home.

Typical South Indian dishes are available. Food is decent. Their tomato rice is my favorite. Hygienic.  if one want to have a good south Indian breakfast, then this is the good place.

golden lotus is very economical.. it has indian and chinese cuisine.. the place has an enclosed air conditioned and an open area.. we sat in the enclosed place but sadly the air conditioner was not working (or they dint switch it on) and the door to the open area was kept open so we had company of mosquitoes as well.. the water they served was stinking, but on bringing to notice, they changed it promptly.. we dint order much as we had time constraint we had panfried fish for starter and then gos...

Got a discount coupon from one of the deal sites and decided to give this place a shot. The name sounded interesting - and most places in the vicinity of this location do turn out to be good.I gather this place is fairly new since most people who've mentioned being here went in because of coupons and deals.  The ambience is alright - not too fancy or mind-blowing though. Has the potential to be awesome if they try. They have an enclosed air conditioned area as well as an open air area.   I feel ...

There was a coupon on snapdeal, where we got food and drinks for Rs. 1000 for Rs. 475. So we decided to try it. I think they're trying to popularize the hotel by giving out the deals, which definitely work in their favor.  The food was very good, and the service was fairly quick since we were the only ones in the restaurant then. Even without the coupon, the cost is not atrocious. Both the veg fare (which we had most) and some non-veg were equally good. The only thing we did not like was the fre...

i got a gift coupon from deals and you 200off on 500 and decided to try. The restaurant has a good ambiance. There were few people. The service was quick. We order veg completely and food taste was really great. the price is really affordable and food is really great. must visit

Fantastic place and great food !!! Feel good factor when you get in there.....

Simple decor and tasty food. Try the mince ball curry with rice, pretty good. The old world charm and music from the sixties is an added attraction.

Heard about the restaurant from a friend of mine. Did not have any great hopes. But was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food (quiet good), prices (affordable), decor (fair enough considering the budget) and the service. Some times a small restaurant may not have the smooth service quality of a big one as there are too few people. But the make up is if the serving is with a smile. A good smile takes away all ill.  They do take aways. For a distance of 3.5 kms, they arranged the food in abo...

Hi,  Heard about this place through couple of friends. Had gone there for breakfast once but didnt not write a review based on the breakfast alone.  Therefore decided to go for dinner. Alittle small but pricing was good. Quantity I feel can be more but quality was decent.

My friends are regulars at Backstreet Diner. They organized a surprize birthday party for me at the place. I was absolutely thrilled about the whole deal when I entered the place to see around 30 people waiting for me there. There was a welcome drink(mocktail) given to me and I was then seated. Cake was then brought out from the kitchen by one of the waiters after which all my friends along with the entire restaurant team, including the owner,  sang the Birthday song for me. Food was already ord...

All food here are good, their masala dosa is crisp and nice. Idly falls apart in your mouth and is so soft. Vada and kesri bath are a two of my other favorites here. One thing that I'm entirely  happy about this place is the sambar, it's a bit too spicy but nice to have it . when compared to other counterparts in south Bangalore.

Have been passing by this restaurant for a while and amount of crowd with long queues always makes me wonder, what's so special in here. So today, I have decided to give it try, with as usual crowd, I decided for takeaway . Idli's were soft enough to dig in. Vada was perfectly fried to attain that crispness you look for. Poori was not a good choice for takeaway, though you can't resist when you see people around grasping them, as if this would their last meal. Along the accompanies , Chutney was...

Our battru Hotel..  Another match to the Brahmin Restaurant on Chamrajpet. Limited menu but great taste...! Soft Idly, crispy vada and dosa and poori are one of the best tiffins in south bangalore.

Went with my friend, he said it's a nice for quick bite and has very good rating at Zomato.   So we ordered idli vada and masala dosa.   Idli and vada was really nice. Soft and crispy respectively. Masala Dosa was little burnt so didn't liked it.   Service was quick no problem with that.   Overall  Food :- 3.5/5  Service :- 4/5  Ambiance :- 3/5 ( needs to be tad bit more hygienic) 

Food quality is really brilliant. The best idlis and vadas are available here. Masala dosa is crispy and delicious like no other place. Especially the coconut chutney is killer. The long que on the cash counter is a clear sign of their demand.

Good food.. ..good packaging...fast delivery....veg meals....ghee rice and curd rice...they have maintained authenticity of South indian food.

Restaurant look's pretty decent... We had to go there without any option. As we had quick dinner, but the service was so late even though we requested waiter to get it Asap.but nonuse of it. As a started we had chicken dry starter. It was good but way they presented the salad was pathetic even low class dhaba guys present in decent way, then we had gobi Manchurian gravy with butter naan. Gravy was completely cooked with full of coloring agent and oily,taste was okay okay nothing better, naan was...

I have been here for second time, amazing food specially Kashmiri pulav and pepper babycorn and mouth watering paneer tikka. Next time waiting to try nonveg menu.

Very nice food and nice place.

If you are a fan of afgani or mughal food this is the place. Small place but good ambience and great taste of food. Being a mughlai food fan I loved thier food taste. Even the deserts were amazing. N the beat part its pocket friendly.

Went to this place for a sudden bite..Had a dish named effa dajaj which is spicy chicken on pita bread with hummus and salad on the side..And mutton biryani..Both the dishes were decent and the chicken was really spicy..All in all an ok place..

I went to this restaurant yesterday with my friends. The place was buzzing with people. The place had a minimum decor with major focus on lighting. The ambience was good but nothing extraordinary. We ordered for chicken do pyazza and Tandoori roti. I must say the food tasted really good. The prices are also very reasonable. It's a must try place for every body who love north Indian food.

Pos:  Parking Space,  Delicious Food,  Price on the Menu  Neg:  Interior is messy and it turns out to be like an ordinary hotel if there are more than 20 customers.(not sure if they have re-decorated) Restroom was unclean and smelly  So if you want to just order and eat its a great restaurant but good luck if you tend to expect a good ambience as I hope they have done few changes to their interiors. Overall an ok restaurant.

Had read quite a few good reviews about this place and decided to try their food(Home Delivery). Ordered online through Zomato.  DELIVERY: The time mentioned was 60 mins but it took them about 70-75 mins.  PACKAGING: The packaging was not up to the mark as one box of green chutney was leaking and so was the chicken's masala. FOOD: I had ordered Half Alfaham Dajaj and 1 Masala Kulcha. The Alfaham came with 2 Kuboos and 1 small box each of mayonnaise and peanut sauce. A box of green chutney came a...

Long back , once I have been here along with my cousin , got a chocolate cake .. Cake was just average .. It was OK for us as it was not for any function .. Ambience nd service is average in the shop ..

Had ordered a Winnie the Pooh chocolate cake for my nephew's birthday and thankfully ,  the cake lived up to its expectations. The cake was fresh out of the oven and soft. The layers had been filled properly with chocolate  . The icing was delicious And the cake was very nicely made.   But on another occasion , I had tried a chocolate pastry from the same outlet and it turned out to be stale. A total waste of money.

Recalling the days they had just launched in India, been to several outlets, but the church street outlet always pampers you. The service, the staff and the overwhelming donuts, your craving ends here! Original will always be my favorite, cookie crunch is great too. Mango, custard and chocolate filled donuts are too sweet for me to handle. I've had their cold coffee and strawberry krusher I suppose which were ok.

One amazing place for doughnuts! Great quality! Great taste! Great price! The chocolate ones and also the original glazed the best to relish. The ambience is really nice!  The best donuts I've ever had! Trust me! The softness of the classic donut, the chocolate ones, the blueberry filled ones! Wow! Oreo shake is another delight!

Houston we gotta problem......        The 2nd best donut I ever had.                        And I tried strawberry something and I don't remember the name of that drink but it was frickin fantastic.Ciao   GBS

I can end this review before even starting it, it needs just one line..."BEST DONUTS EVER!!" Before I discovered Krispy Kreme, I didn't knew donuts can be that good. Most places, I HAVE to get the donuts heated before I can even think of eating them, other wise they will be dense and chewy. But here, it is a totally different story. I never get the donuts heated, and they are the softest, the fluffiest and the yummiest donuts. I really love that their filled donuts have a generous filling, and n...

The ambiance at this outlet is nice. Its big with glass kitchen, so you can see their preparation as well. I have tried original glazed, chocolate dream, kookie krunch here. The donuts are nice and soft but I think they are too sweet for my preference. I like donuts at MOD and Dunkin more than Krispy Kreme because they serve it hot (I like donuts when its heated) and they are less sugary.

I love going to Fenny's. It has generally been a unanimous choice amongst my friends if we are meeting in Koramangala. It has a lovely set up. And is great for groups. Their service is quick. Staff is friendly and attentive. Be ready to wait at the bar during the weekend which is quite nice if you are a small group as they start taking your order and serving you. Their cocktails are amazing and they have a lot of variety in starters. I recommend the Long Island iced tea and the Margarita and the...

The ambience is really good. Service has scope for improvement. Food is good but expected more for the price. It tastes nice, but price is too high for the quantity served. It makes for a good visit in the evening because of its ambience.

We decided on pub hoping and landed @ Fenny on a Saturday nite and as usual crowded with approximate wait time of 1 hour. Hence decided to go by the bar for a quick grab. I ordered cocktail "feeling lucky tonight" which is a watermelon based vodka drink and it was made perfecto. Had Crispy Onion & Peanut Bites which is basically peanut masala served on bread and tasted quite nice. The ambiance is lovely with open air and cool breeze; perfect to grab a drink. But the vibe of Fenny is not so happe...

Went to this place recently on a weekend evening. The restaurant is located in a very happening spot in Koramangala ( just above Starbucks, Koramangala) on the third floor.  If you don't have a reservation, then there will be a waiting time of around half an hour. Live football screening and the crowd adds up to the ambience.  But apart from that,  the food and the service quality of the staffs disappointed highly (in contrast to the hype created and the zomato rating). Onion glazed chicken and ...

Decent place for some chats. My recommendations are paneer chilli(it's really spicy)  And pav bhaji. Pani puri was however not at all recommended. It's easy to locate and parking is not a problem too. They have a lot to offer but haven't tried anything else

Authentic North Indian dishes, mild & massive... Service not very apt as such seeing that the staff isn't well trained on serving. I don't know if the AC is really functional or otherwise with perspiration running down my forehead. Most crucial part, they didn't honor card payment but, words of this decade is DIGITAL INDIA..

I had been there today with my family for some quick chats. Can be located easily, pani puri masala puri was good. Try the Madurai masala dosa here as it is different and good the Pudina chutney inside gives a good flavour, masala dosa not bad either was  crispy and good. However the chats are a bit over prized but overall a good place for some fast food.

Ambience is like sitting in cave and having Lunch\Dinner. Sitting arrangement is quite good. Very vast Menu. Quality OK but less quantity. Staters are pretty well, Curries little same taste for gravy items. Rice items are also good. Service slow. Pocket friendly price of drinks as well food.

Ambience-4/5 Food-4/5 Service-2.5/5 Value for money-3.5/5  We have dined in both the ground as well as first floors. The cave like ambience of the first floor is quite impressive (I just wish they had a lighting adjustment option because it can get very dark sometimes and that is not comfortable). As far as food itself, my family and I have always been happy with it. I have been here over 5 times now, sometimes with friends too and they all had good things to say about the food. The chicken mala...

Best place for great Thai food. Thai green curry is the best we've had so far, the spread of noodles is also nice and worth a try. Good service, pleasant ambience. Love to go for dinners and even order in for delivery.

Food - 5/5 Ambience - 4.5/5 Service - 2/5  If you feel like having southern Asian cuisine do try this place. The food here is great. Ambience of the place is also great. The only questionable thing about the restaurant was the service from some of the servers who were pretty much outright rude. Thankfully the manger was courteous when we made him aware of our problem and personally saw over our service.

They ve nailed their som tam, in other words the pappaya salad to perfection. The Thai food that that we had here was very authentic and had all the rights. The Thai green curry n jasmine rice was straight out of a good restaurant in Bangkok, yes that good.

I have come here multiple times and always always my experience has been beyond wonderful!! The ambiance is WOW!! The staff is good and also the food.  Highly highly recommended.

Best Veg curry and Jasmine rice i have had in Bangalore ... Mocktails are also nice but little suggary.  I went there once in Dec 16 and once in Mar-17 . Liked it both times.

A tiny place, look wise nothing great!! But u get good south Indian breakfast, that are priced really low.. their ghee mini idly is worth a try!!

Budget Food place. If I miss my breakfast, I make sure I've pongal from this place on my way to Office. When the adayar ananda bhavans of the world are busy charging 50 rs For a pain dosa, this place surprises you with its budget. If you happen to visit in the evening, make sure you don't miss the egg kothu porotta...

Authentic Tamil Nadu cuisine. Best dosas and parottas. Apart from watery chutney, everything is good.

They have north indian style tasty chaats.we tried papdi chaat, Paani Poori & dahi bhalla.Papdi chat was really very tasty & dahi bhalla is so soft.pani poori is ok, because its not like north indian style.thats why its only ok.

Great mixed chaat they have, super chill Bolly music that can hold u to the place well past the dishes! Love the polaroids on the walls and the earthen ghada on the tables!

Decent place to hang out with friends,food is cheap and good,we end up eating samosha chat always and tea,place to go and grab something quick..And it's near busy bustling jyoti niwas collage road.

It's quite okay. Wanted to try this place for a while and was not quite impressed with the food. Ambience is okay but it doesn't matter as long as food is good. Service wise they goofed up while taking an order for chicken fried rice with egg noodles. Lime soda was nearly done. Good for one time not a regular visiting one. Need to improve on service n quality n taste of food.

Quite an extensive menu. Service is quick. Location is a little interior (not on a crowded main road). Simple looks. Taste 3.5/5. Value for money 3.5/5.

We went for lunch today,  ordered veg manchow soup , momos, chilly pototato as starters- all tasted good ...spinach noodles and   lymfu rice as main course... Both are good but not much spicy , needed to add salt. Taste wise I would say a good one but service , hygiene needs more improvement.. Not a costly one..charged 650 for above items..you can give it a try once. No idea about nonveg stuff since I am a veggie.

Momos are really good among this area's options. Soups are average. Chicken items like chicken tikka masala is average. Quantities are good.

Afoozoo -  I stayed here for couple of days on a business trip to Banglore. I ordered lunch here one day to my room. It was tastey. The soup of tomato was so yumm. I absolutely loved it. Breakfast spread was good too and service was quick. Coffee here sucked big-time so did tea. But rest of all was decently good.   I loved their soup so much that i crave for it every time i think of it.   Over all I rate it a 3.5/5 Soup 5/5. 

They started new Chaat Place few months back at their courtyard. Pav Bhaji was Show stopper. Chaat assortment is good but lacks Mumbaiya touch. Very nice thatched roof outdoor seating ideal for couples and close friends

If you feel to wholesome breakfast without spending much then this is the place to be. The breakfast buffet is adequate at this price point. And we love to visit often.

The Ginger Hotel Lunch buffet, by virtue of proximity, to my organization is god sent for team lunches.   At INR 350 a head, the spread is just enough for you to experience a sensation of fullness in your stomach. I'm not a fan of their dessert counter but their staples like dals, sambhars, rasams and hot and fresh phulka baskets served at the tables are the stuff dreams are made of.  One thumb up.

Buffet available for dinner  Food worth the price  Tasty dishes                                                                           :)

News Cafe is a roof top cafe located on 100ft road .The ambience was very pleasing and cool .  A perfect place to hang out with friends and have a drink or two (there is hukka available too ). Ordered fried eggs in rings and Alfredo pasta .The food arrived after 45 min and was served cold .But the overall experience wasn't that bad all thanks to the ambience which made us forget about the food .My rating for news cafe - Ambience 4 Value for money 3 Food 3 Service 2.5 My suggestion :If your looki...

Thumbs up for the ambience..crowd is pretty classy..food is also decent..the events nd the dj artists they invite are a major draw..a very lively place to chill on a weekend

Tried wood fire pizza. Decent  Chicken chilli. Good balance. Slightly sweet n spicy.  Chilli potato wedges were slightly overcooked . Since it is pub food, I'll ignore it once   Paying a high price for playing snooker is unnecessary.  Chicken lasooni was terrible. Basically it's uncooked chicken smeared with garlic paste. Returned it at once.   Draught beer was regular KF. Decently priced   Tried the mixed flavour hookah. Interesting how they prepared each and everything from scratch. Excellent ...

Service was not that great. Food taste was okay. Ambience was fine. Crowd was good and terrace seating was a plus point as the weather was awesome when we visited !

Love their kongu style food. Been there multiple times. Have tried their ghee roast, idli mutton gravy combo, veg biriyani combo, meals combo, veech parotta. Everything tasted amazing. My husband is fan for their mutton gravy. He tells it's the best he have had till now. So we end up visiting almost once in every 2 weeks. The service is also awesome. They are always there to greet u with a smile. But don't expect a great ambience. Just go there for food. P.S: yesterday when we visited, the place...

One of my favourite place for Sunday after noon meals. Been there around more than 10 times for lunch and dinner. Unlimited meals, egg dosa, kalaki, parotta, kothu parotta, fish fry are my usuals :) yes a long list. My least fav could be the biryani, not so great and lot of ghee/dalda. Great service but on weekend nights it takes a lot of time.

Came here for quick drinks and snacks before the movie.  Has a lot of imported beers in its menu. I tried German Erdinger which was good. Starters were decent.  Not many options still a decent place for quick bite occasions.

Been here a couple of times as Royal Meenakshi Mall is close to my home. But since it's placed within a mall, I have never thought or planned beforehand about visiting The Pint Room and it's always been a last moment thing whenever I'm in the mall.  The Pint Room only serves beer (I absolutely love beer!) and that too lots of imported ones. Offers a nice variety and the best part is the nice display of all these beers.  Food is okay, not much variety. The Pint Room is always empty, no matter wha...

Ambeince is just ok,Waiters are friendly.But the place is always empty due to High prices.Beers are just too costly here.They do have good stocks of various beers,but that alone does not help :)Music is avoided.This place is more of a coffee shop.I recommend it to people who like to be alone and gulp down few mugs of beer.

A calm, open air restaurant. Good food, extremely slow service. Perfect budgeted date place, with lots of time to kill.

Good... Nice Ambiance.............  Tasty Food.................... Cool Place to hangout.......

Awsome...!!  Been here with my Love... The candle light dinner was a memorable one. The ambience made me feel relaxed.. and pulled me out of my all day work. Now coming to the food... Really good. Staff der r courteous.  Will visit soon..

Had been to this place after work on a weekday with a friend.  Pros: Very pleasant staff and recption. Soothing ambience. The waiter was very courteous and very well informed about the menu.  Cons: The menuincludes from Continental, Chinese, North indian and Managalorean. I don't how the restaurant has managed to hire staff who specilaise in such varied cusines. Actually they have not. I have had Magalorean food and thoroughly enjoyed it too. But I had here was dishes with uncooked masala. In fa...

This place was earlier known as "The Rogue Elephant Terrace Bistro" and it served Italian and continental food. Please find my earlier review for the same place (Don't know if its accessible now on zomato) below:   "The food here is amazing, affordable and very consistent. Their burgundy sautee`d mushrooms are my favorite. The best Olio Alio is available here and the regulars to this restaurant will vouch for the same. The specialities of this place would be the fig salad, the sun brewed ice tea...

Beautiful ambiance. Good place to hangout. Good service. Food :3/5Service :4/5Ambiance :4/5Being a chai person I am yet to try most of their drinks.

Love the ambiance - rustic, welcoming and warm!   One of the best places to meet for the evening chai and pakoda! Ideal place for a rainy evening in Bangalore  Centrally located   The kachori is nice and the Maggie is amazing  The food could be improved - the wao factor is missing   Value for money

We all have our chai moments every day and these moments are cherished more by the environment in which we have them. Taking this as the idea, Chayee stall scores cent per cent by creating a simple yet vibrant ambiance. Kudos to the ideas like the old days' type milk container designed like a stool, the wooden slate menu and lighting with hanging tea pots. These are just a few points to name, visit to find out more :)   Service stands good and is prompt. No hiccups in service at all, thanks to t...

Ordered pyaaz pakode, bread pakode, paneer pakode,  elaichi chai, egg maggi. The tea was awesome and snacks were delicious. Pakode were not as good as those made by roadside vendors in North india but still pretty awesome. The kachori are really famous and you need to go early to get them.

Ordered 2 Subs here. Was shocked to see that the Chicken sheek was frozen! The Baja sub was good. Pity the massive oversight ruined everything! Hope they don't repeat this with other customers.

I chose this place (instead of Subway) for a home-delivery via FoodPanda. I should say I am particularly impressed with their subs. I agree that reviews are pretty subjective to each one's palette and in my case, I would say I was not displeased!  As veggies, we tried out the Veg Manchurian Sub, the Aloo and Spinich Sub and my hubby tried the breakfast Egg and Cheese Sub. Every Sub was different and was well worth commending to others. Their 'Rosemary and Cheese' and 'Chipotle and Garlic' Bread ...

Sensible it is, to avoid restaurant chains that are upto their eyebrows in debt, since they will be more inclined to funny business while leaving the diner a bit short-changed. These matters were however furthest from my mind when it was time for lunch, and a Quiznos was spotted. The prices seem rather reasonable when compared to Subway and we were hoping that the food would be a pleasant surprise too.   The sandwiches were regular, middle-of-the-road, the flavours weren't dancing on my palate a...

Great experience.. the caption which you kept is 110%right Authentic Awesome always biryani is simply superb nice packing keep it up....! I recommend if you(AMMI'S BIRYANI) can provide some salad which can be good coming to service part it's very cool... Thanks to Mr.Girish(delivery boy) he's very kind person and hospitalised

The taste of Hyderabadi biryani was not even close to the original one. But, the chicken was juicy and had the burst of flavours. The Andhra style biryani was not upto the mark. They were unable to strike a balance between spices.

If you are dying hungry and need food and it is the only place around- then please order..on wait, sometimes they take 1.5 hours to deliver !! Else you can get much better options if you spend some time on Zomato.  Really dry /heated up biriyani(veg), Achari panner sometimes is good else not. Same is for achari aloo. Sometimes I smell preservatives- or not sure its me acting too critical.

lazer castle is fantastic place. especially with kids where u get food and entertainment so easy that u dont care how much ur kids eat unless they over eat it is fun place to go to but the only negative point is dat u have to go with a large group

Awesome place equipments r incredible.. Definitely a place to try..

wonderful place ..a bigger arena and friendly staff .

my kid loved the place... i had fun with my family... its gonna be our fav hang out :)

awesome awesome place :P its just wow.................................

-- A small but very good restaurant. . .as I hail from Kolkata and had been here in Bangalore for a couple of days only.. so had the visit with the recommendation from a friend who lives there for a long. . . and of coarse it's a very good idea being here. . .  the place is small.. only one person was there who was managing the whole (apart from cooking)..but the decor & atmosphere was very nice and soothing . . .  Service was good though less Staffs . . .  and the most important part is Food. ....

Well wanted to try Korean food within a budget so decided to try HI Seoul and it's true it's within budget if u compare with other Korean cuisine restaurant. We entered and took a table and being the first time I asked the waiter to help me out and he was really sweet and helped me out in choosing the dish. Only thing I didn't like is that the rice in bibimbap was burned after few research I found out it's not suppose to be I was disappointed with it. Overall the steamed momos were good. Ambienc...

Wonderful ambience and food. The Chicken lollipops were truly amazing. The sides were filling with the omelette and the caramel peanut being the star.  A hot bowl of ramen , a perfect comfort food for your soul.

This was my recent weekend food joint! I was craving for a big bowl of ramen and decided to give it a try. How happy I was to find out they have the best combo ever - spicy ramen + gimbap ! And the sides were delicious too. The peanuts in caramel sauce were the best. Ate to my heart's content ! HAPPY TUMMY, HAPPY ME !

Been here today... simply loved it... got the taste of assam... their smoked pork is too good... those who are meat lovers and eat all kinds of meats then it's a must try... bengalis can very much relate to this place and I am sure will love the food as bengali cuisine is similar someway... the thalis they offer are too good in quantity and also very much affordable... suggestion- 2 people should share a thali otherwise it's very difficult to eat the whole thali for one person... the best part t...

Superb duck curry .... good quantity . Pieces were vry good n meat was soft... planning to have Patot diya mach next time... true assamese taste..

Great place to try Asamese cuisine. I took one chicken thali which includes 1 cup of rice , 1 cup of dal, 1 chicken curry , 1 leafy vegetable, 1 mashed potato  (Indian version), 1 papad , one more vegetable and one curd with Jaggery.  Also all this items are unlimited (except for the chicken curry) which means you can order them as many times as you wish to. I also took one brinjal fry which was again awesome in taste .  Tha thali costs only 170 for chicken thali which is very cheap considering ...

This was my first time having Assamese cuisine.  The ambience is nothing high fi, just a simple restaurant but they could improve a little bit there.  Ordered a Fish thali and a mustard Fish (if I'm not wrong). The Thali had a Bowl of Rice, a Simple Yellow Dal, Fish Curry (tomato based curry), a Papad, Aloo Pitika, two sabzi - one was aloo and beans, another was green leafy veggie. The mustard Fish curry was a little too salty. I liked everything except the curry of the fish they gave in the tha...

Located in ITPL the place is usually crowded for lunch. Went for a buffet lunch, was pretty average. The salad bar had some interesting options. Starters were v limited and cold. Main course had the usual paneer, dal, curd rice, biryani, plain rice etc, non veg gravies, pasta and pizza corner. Indian breads were almost nil. For desserts they had rasgulla, pastries, fruits. They have a Rajasthani fest going on for dinner. But since we were there for lunch, the staff graciously offered Rajasthani ...

Awesome food and ambience, even staff was very helpfull and I have enjoyed a lot. Mousse can make more better, attention on guest was awesome

There are some all day coffee shops that just leave a large impression and this one particularly does that with its tremendously large spreads that is super value for the business traveller or even for the one who loves his large breakfast  It has one of the largest assortment of healthy and green fresh fruits, the choice of sprouts, beans abd more, juices at least over 5 to chose from, for the vegans there is a choice, for those who love their eggs made to order the chef makes a super one, for ...

One of the best sunday brunch on the east side of the city. The buffet spread is extensive right from starters to grills/salads/sushi/MOMO/indian breads/pastas/pizza/lasagne. Desserts were good as well with more options. Service is swift and prompt. The food and service makes up to the price. There is small entertainment zone for kids with activities. Kids can be engaged in there independently for more than an hour.  One concern is for the Vegan's, excluding starters other dishes will have litt...

This place one of the legendary places for breakfast... The options r very much the darshini type ... And the masala dosa here is too gud, and special mention would be the coffee ... Such a heartning breakfast, will try their other items on the menu soon ...

One of the best south Indian breakfast hotel in Bangalore. And a well reputed one. It's been the best for many generations now. So you might find the hotel filled with families and mostly filled with old uncles.@  The ambience is okay and the staff is rude. They act like they don't give a damn about you. Otherwise the food is just amazing. I would suggest Masala Dosa with Sagu 

This one is a family favourite. Have been visiting this place for many years now and the consistency in taste and quality has always been maintained. Must try the vada sambhar and thier signature dish saagu masala dosa. It can be crowded during the weekends and you might have to wait a while to get a table but it's definitely worth the wait.   Food - 4.5 Service - 4 Ambience - 3 Pocket friendly - 4.5

This place often visited by politicians has not lost its sheen. Used to visit this place for my office lunch. Needless to say their food is delightful and filling when your stomach growls. Will visit you someday.

I have been ordering from here since a long time. I love the biriyani rice for its taste. The executive biriyani has the right amount for people who are not heavy eaters. The only issue is that i would prefer better chicken pieces in it. The piece that is given is extremely hard and not properly looked. And i would also like you start an executive mutton biriyani as well. Other than that, the delivery is extremely timely. If you are too hungry, ammi's will make sure you don't have to suffer for ...

Ordered executive Hyderabadi chicken biryani from this place to try what they are best named for. The experience was good. Very nice packaging. The biryani was yum with a huge chicken piece , raita was good but very less in quantity. Salan didn't sooth my taste buds, but was prepared good, can't really comment cz not used to trying salan. Although would advise you to pack salan also in a small bowl like used for raita. Good experience and very filling meal.  2nd order was a meal with dal makhni,...

I had ordered food from Ammi's via Swiggy. Had ordered an Executive Egg Biriyani, Executive Mutton Biriyani and Nimbu-Pani. The Biriyani tatsed good - not too spicy us the way I like it. The mutton pieces were not good; it had a lot of fat portions in it. Raita was nice. The Nimbu-Pani was too sour - lacked a bit of sweetness. Buy overall, I was happy with what was delivered to me.

Loved it... This place is lit and crowd is also decent. Perfect place for south Bangloreans It's not expensive also... worth the money!  Recommended during night

I had a couple pints of hoegaarden at this sexy bar. Classy, elegant and really suitable for corporate parties/ office get together. Ambience z lovely. However it's very expensive.

Moved here after a long meeting to grab a beer to beat the humid weather..the bar as expected was empty since it was a working day. A lovely bar counter with a small seating area which actually overlooks a very pretty looking open air seating space with a water cascade! I am sure it will be amazing in the night times with all the lights..

U would love their cocktail serving style specially the the chemistry lab style , it just doesn't end at cocktail , outdoor sitting has fire and water falls smoothens  ur mind  ,  perfect place in winters .. mid nite coffes are awesome too

Went with a few colleagues of mine to try out good reasonable Chinese food. We were pleasantly surprised by the weekday offers and this place has nice decor and the fact that is neat and clean. We ordered a Chilly Style Paneer, Tai pai chicken for starters...a lil on the greasy side but decent. For main course, we ordered Butter Chili Garlic Noodles was very tasty and light and the Wangs F Rice was good too. Kung Pau Chicken and Schezwan Sauce Fish gravies were nice too. Overall,  enjoyable, qu...

Decent place. Food is ok nothing great. The quantity of food is less compared to the price. Service needs to be improved.  Food-3.5/5  Ambience-3/5  Service-3/5

This place is my regular place for chinese food cravings. My favourites are it's choupsies,schezwan noodles and it's Manchurian gravies and dry ones.

Food is standard please don't expect anything fancy. All you get is Chinese cuisine. I ordered for an American Chopsuey for maincourse and Sweet corn soup for starters. Taste was pretty ordinary and nothing special

We visited this place recently the food and atmosphere awesome. Staffs are very polite and always make you feel home, food pairing with red wine its great suggestion by sankar. Best Italian food we had experience.

The fruity flavor of the wine complimented the succulence of the meat very well and I took the liberty of indulging in a couple of extra pours. The result-well, what can you expect? I tend to get chatty with the right Red and this was no exception.

Couple weeks back I was at Alto vino for an exquisite north Italian food tasting session.  I got to taste freshest cheese, veggies, and gnocchi which is famous across the region the food was also paired with best wines. Brilliant execution by chef marou and his team. The festival is currently closed but alto vino serves amazing Italian food. Perfect experience for a romantic dinner or special occasion dining.  Must try here are the wines, cheese and cured meat platter, ravioli and pork soup th...

When Indias one and only Advance Master Sommelier pays a visit to Bangalore for an exclusive Wine-Pairing event, you simply cant afford to miss it.  Viraj Sawant, the Brand Ambassador for Berkmann Wine Cellars hails from Pune and has under his kitty a few years of experience in Michelin Star restaurants in the UK. Marriott Whitefield is hosting him from August 22 through 30th for a special Italian Menu paired with Wines. I was lucky to be part of this super-exclusive event hosted at Alto V...

The best thing that I like about this place was its staff, chirpy and always recommending the most expensive thing in the menu (kidding) ;)  Ambiance was nice and quite, unfortunately I felt, food wasn't worth the money I paid. Will be going there again? Dicey!!!

This place is really nice...good ambience and good food...i would recommend andhra chilli chicken and chicken biriyani to be tried out

Visited during Christmas eve. Nicely tucked near the main reception lobby. Nothing fancy but cosy,place u sit with a book and sip coffee.   Food is a mixed bag. Sandwich and quiche was perfect. Coffe okay. Tea was below average. Masala tea was cold. Replaced post complain. No cookie or biscuit with tea. Littlr strange. We also got Christmas cake. Nice but expensive.   Service bit sloppy. Overall okay

We decided to head out for a coffee and WBC was one of the few outlets that we were still to visit. I had been to the m cafe and WBG earlier but this was my first visit to WBC. The place is located off the entrance - small and cozy. Choices are a bit limited with the drinks and the eatables on the menu were few. However if u browse around , u will find lots more not on the menu. We ordered the peach rosemary cake , chicken quiche ( the bacon one was not available damn ! ) and cafe mocha. The qui...

Whitefield baking company has the kind of ambience that makes you want to sit down, have a cup of coffee and spend a couple of hours reading a book there. We had a couple of desserts but the blueberry danish was my favourite.  Visit the place preferably on a Sunday morning when it isn't too crowded.

One should Must Try their Oreo Muffin. One of the best of best can make this. What a taste, oh boy! I'll be visiting a lot of times, just to taste this item. I love it here.

Loved the ambience, food and the service. I visited this place for breakfast. I had cafe mocha, creamy chicken quiche, choco berry shake and a blueberry muffin. Loved all of it. Very peaceful place to spend mornings or evenings.

This place; it's a find. They call themselves bar and grill and that's precisely what they are; a bar and a grill. Around 30-40 seats scattered around in open cabanas around the poolside; it's a relaxed sophistication at its best. There is an open bar in a shack and the grill is next to it and that's all there is.  The single page menu has option of grilled fish; veg ; fowl and meats done either Indian style or European. For fussy eaters they have a burger or two. The food while minimalistic is ...

Went for the first time We ordered the piggy bag and a drink (caprioska) Food:  Absolutely minimal effort and seemed like a inexperienced cook made the chicken (it was just in plain tomato saice , chicken was fibrous and not juicy at all) chicken wings were way too oily  Drink:  The caprioska is a simple one but they messed that up !!!! Service: Not happy  We lost our appetite and left the place

Best. Steak. Ever.   Recommended : Beef Steak & Pork Ribs  I've never seen meat fall off the bone like it did with those pork ribs   Both perfectly cooked.   So glad I found this place.

Went there with family and we ordered soya chap with dal, soya kulcha, grilled chicken burger and a steak sandwich. The burgers were good but chap was a let down. I have been there before and they used to serve one the best chaps out there but now it was not the same. Place has a very cozy ambience and well trained staff.  Over all- decent stuff.

Went their to try out The Whitefield Bar & Grill, must try their chicken Satey and Soya Chaap with Beer. Loved the ambience and service. Overall worth a try ..)

Had breakfast buffet here with friends it went quite well didn't expect much from the service point of view nectar the service sucks here, but the food was really tasty I would go for another breakfast here sometime sooner

Service is just too slow. Another thing that was a turn off was their sugary Dal Makhani. I understand that it can have a sweet taste but that doesn't mean that it will taste sugary than salty.

we planned our daughter' s first biirthday party here in Al-Fresco party hall. It was all satisfactory, food was awesome, staff was very helpful ..we indeed felt like a guest in the party.

I strongly believe that "to end customer he should feel value out of what he/she is spending". this restaurant unfortunately doesn't care for the value. I sense their cheapstakeness in everything. The welcome drink is about just 100ml that too a coke at room temperature. we usually expect some flavored drink with decent quantity. Secondly their staff is lethargic in replacing the empty dishes, either they don't stock enough food or they don't care. Taste is decent, but today that alone is not en...

This place has never let down. Alfaham, biryanis and the food journey has just begun. This restaurant matures like an old wine. Better and tastier then yesterday. My 11yrs of affair with savoury just happen to continue. Perfect for humble family get-together who like to eat with peace, relishing each bite and don't like flashy ambience. #yesteryears

I loved the biriyani in spite of the less quantity. You will find a good biriyani and a really bad service in this place. I have been here a couple of times and everytime the service was so bad that i felt like leaving the place. No one attends to you or brings you the necessary stuffs you ask for. You have to probably ask two other people to get what you want

Savoury is my next door kinda restaurant and a easy goto place for anyday food cravings. I have been a regular visitor to this place from ages now and we have had several family get togethers out here. The food is one of the best in bangalore for non veg lovers and the service is good for both take away n dine in. The shawarmas n the falooda is the best u will find in the city and a must go place for my family anytime.

Been here twice and want to keep coming back for the Arabic food!  Had open shawarma which always is a delight and the owner and staff has been very happy humble always. All the best for the new venture of savoury in Mumbai too. Mumbaikars can also enjoy their delicacies.

This place has one of the most authentic shawarmas in town. The meat is juicy and tender and mixed with mayonnaise and salad in a perfectly grilled khubz, topped with more mayo, hummus and a few fries. This just makes my heart melt! The khubz is sooooo soft and tender and almost falls apart, they have two main options when it comes to the meat - spicy and non spicy, both equally good. Even the spicy shawarma, staying true to its Arabian roots is not really spicy, just has a distinct flavor than ...

The rolls here are pretty decent and fillings are succulent. However, most rolls on menu are not usually available. Apart from that, it is a small eatery which serves good chicken rolls. Never tried the vegetarian rolls here.  I don't think any roll costs more than Rs. 75. I'd suggest ordering a roll that has egg in it.  In this area, it seems to be the only place serving decent rolls. Hence,  3.5/5

I love the rolls here. Never really got to try their sandwiches. very nice flavourful rolls with good amount of filling and sauses in them. They generally have three types of rolls, chicken kheema, chicken kadai and chicken tikka. my personal favorite is the special fourth one big daddy's big blast which is a combo of all those three rolls in one. Great value for money and glad to finally have a roll joint near home that delivers.  took a point five as whenever I call they dont have the other it...

amazing mouth watering rools in very reasonable prices...i tried chicken rolls and sandwiches...they were awesome...love the food...love the place...recommended place for evryone...will kep visiting again n again

My experience is not good. I ordered veg sandwiches and found the breads used are not at all fresh. Stuffing also insufficient. Sandwiches are grilled too much

Wow! Tried Dutch chocolate it was yummy . It's too big for one person ,but it's too good........  Really liked the place with very simple interior .....  Will be back very soon to try many things which is more exciting ......

Have heard a lot abt this place from old timers and finally managed to walk to this place. The chicken sandwich was good that we ordered another one. However the club sandwich wasn't that up to the mark. The red velvet cheesecake thickshake was really a treat and the Nutella cheesecake thickshake comes a second in comparison. Also ordered the French fries since atleast two diff people ordered it

I am giving the rate more than 4 because of standout choices with high taste of deserts. I had heard such good things from other people and I am so glad I came by.  They have a variety of interesting flavors to try with delicious taste never been such a nice experience. I've  Invited this summer with tasty deserts from LakeView MilkBar :-)   One Word to say awesome place to have delightful ICE CREAMS................JJJJJJJJ.

I HAD DROPPED IN SEVERAL TIMES WHEN EVER I GO THERE ITS VERY GOOD TO SEE THE OLD MEMORIES OF THEIR PIZZA, BURGERS , SANDWICHES,AND THEIR ICE CREAMS THEY SERVE and very courteous staff and ambiance is also good i definitely recommend to my colleges  RATED  Food - 4/5  Cost - 4/5  Ambience - 4/5  Cleanliness - 4/5  Staff and service - 4/5  Location - 4.5/5

One of the theme based restaurant I really like. The Black Pearl is a Pirate theme based restaurant. And the interior they have with all the ropes, skeletons and ship wheels is so much fun. Waiters are also all dressed up like pirates which adds fun to the place. Ambience is great. A fun and cool place to hangout with friends.

This was the first time for us..  Decor is based on theme of pirates and it is well done. Given it is on the top most floor, the a/c was less effective. Starters could have been better. It just reminds me of BBQ nation. Service was good. Children enjoyed it.

Very  well made interiors  unique in pirates style restaurent.ur went here for my family before 3 days chose the upper .There is a complimentary cocktail/Micky's and there BBQ style starters ,food is too good.there are few live counter and more verity of starter ,maincours is good but service is very poor,improve service .rate  Food -5/5 Ambiance_5/4 Service_5/2

A perfect place to treat. Covered with ropes,skeletons and pirates all around. Along with super ambience it has amazing taste too. It serves approx 35-40 items in buffet. The desserts over here are awesome. It has serves the exotic foods like octopus,squid etc. I  took the coupon from little app and got a complimentary mocktail. A must visit place if you are in bangalore and try main course also.

What is there to say that hasn't been said hundreds of times? Best Indian food I've ever had at such affordable prices. Had spiced prawns for the first time which were perfectly cooked with a nice kick to them.  Only take reservations up to 5:45pm so if you're able to eat early, definitely do that to avoid the insane lines

Having derived the name from a popular movie song, 'Ande Ka Funda' serves food that is as attractive as its name. Perhaps 90% of the customers of this place are the students of a college nearby. It does justice to the student community by serving tasty food at an economical price. A wide range of options to choose from including parathas, rolls and rice based varieties. They also serve cold lassi to end your meal.  If you don't care too much about hygiene, this place is recommended for a filling...

Decent ambience and quality of food. Good variety in both veg and non veg items. Pocket friendly and value for money. Sometimes in a lot of rush so, I suggest an advance booking.

It was a nice experience for me. Me and my friends had been there. Ambience was good with nice posters and portraits. Music was good. The buffet has many varieties of dishes. Starters were tasty, especially I liked crispy potatoes as it's my favourite. We couldn't have all dishes in main course. I tried rice in main course which was not at all good. Noodles and baby corn with sauce was good. Pastas were good but was not warm. My suggestion is to make main course better. Other than this it's a ve...

Deja vu dinner... We went for celebrating one of our friend's bday and enjoyed a lot.Booking went easy.Ambience was very good..liked veteran film stars frames. Food was truly tasty..starters were first among the best..planning another go!!!

We had been for dinner and we had booked the table earlier. They have good amount of starters in buffet.4 to 5 Non-veg starters and 5 Veg starters. All tasted good. Then we tried the main course in buffet. There are more dishes but i feel the biriyanis can be better and the pulaos too. Deserts were good. Ambiance is good. If you prefer to have more starters than the main course this is one of the best place.

Ordered the goan sausages with pav and the beef cutlets. Reminded me of the food in the villages in Goa. Outstanding stuff!!! Definitely the best Goa food in Bangalore...

Yum, yum yum. I've tried the food from Maria's Goan Kitchen and its finger licking good. Order their Pork Sausage and you won't be disappointed. Very homely food and a good option if you have guests coming over. Portions are also huge. One word of caution though- it's quite spicey and uses a fair amount of masala and oil.

Ordered twice using tinyowl. First time it was pork vindaloo and pao. The dish was awesome. It was the first time I had tried vindaloo and the experience was really good. Portions-packaging everything great. Total home feeling. Second time I thought of trying chicken vindaloo. This time it wasn't great. The gravy lacked the consistency that pork vindaloo had. Felt the quantity was less too. The packaging was ok, not great like before. Hope that was just a one time not so good experience. Anyway,...

Ordered through Swiggy, since the restaurant doesn't deliver to my locality. The food is simple, homely Goan fare. The chicken xacuti was tasty - very flavourful and went perfectly with steamed rice. We also ordered prawn biryani which was tasty but not nearly as good as what Koshy's offers (their prawn biryani is SUPER!). The spice levels are on the higher side so it maybe a good idea to keep a bowl of curd handy!

Our Go To place when we crave  Hot Cocoa.  Its one of d best Hot Cocoa I've had(n I've had plenty). Right from d whipped cream to d chocolate shavings on it to d creamy delicious heart-warming hot chocolate underneath d cream. Huge place to hangout, Ull never not find a place here, staff could be better trained, I personally love d music they play here. If u r a Hot Cocoa fan, do try it here.

I am a regular visitor of Matteo church Street.. so while I was in Indiranagar, I decided to visit this place expecting the service to be same as in the church Street outlet. However we were highly disappointed... Not only the service was bad but there were mosquitoes happily feasting on our blood... The staff looked disinterested, the service was slow pasta was cold and the blueberry cheesecake the reason I visit Matteo was stale... :(... It's always recommended to visit church Street outlet......

Very cozy and excellent ambience. The music was a tad too loud for my liking.  Would highly recommend the Alfredo Penne Pasta. The sauce is wonderfully rich and creamy. We also ordered vanilla milkshakes and cold espresso. Both are perfect after a hot day.  Service can be a bit better. I asked for water multiple times before the server got me some.

The reason I decided to review this place is because of brilliant drink of theirs -The Brownie Shake. Went back there a couple of days back and I've always viewed this place as a simple cafe. But that shake needs mention!  Brilliant drink!  A must go place...very relaxed atmosphere. It's a tad bit dark for a cafe, I wish there was more lighting to the place.

I have my hazelnut chocolate coffee here and I must say I'm impressed. But quantity can be better. I love their bakes. Overall worth a try once

Usually Zaica Nagwara is famous for their buffet really good pricing, quantity and quality. But our group opted for A la Carte. First of all ambience is great and you will get ample parking place. Service standard is good servers are ready to help you with food and beverage with a broad smile on face. In soup Makai Kalimirch Shorba is good in taste of Corn with the taste of Black pepper. Bhatti ke Paneer was average may be I am not a Paneer fan because of that. Murg Siya Mirchi Kebab was excelle...

We had been here for buffet!  Overall WOW experience.. Started with chicken soup best one found in Bangalore.. Fish pakoda was delicious at the end Gajar halwa made me rate you 5 

I don't write a review for every restaurant I visit.When a place is just too good or bad I tend to share my opinion for the benefit of people who may not have heard of it.And Zaica is one such place.We had visited the Nagavara outlet and our overall  experience was fantastic.We were greeted well by the very courteous and polite manager Mr. Ashok. The ambiance is decent enough if not too extravagant in my opinion and the seating was quite comfortable.But the food is where this place shines.After...

Food : Starters were awesome (specially chicken and fish), main course was OK, chicken biryani was not so good, desserts were good Service  : Service is pretty good, waiters are very courteous and well behaved. Ambience : Nice Ample parking space

Had a great time over here. Great place to dine out with friends, Good food and Good hospitality... Guys visit once you will enjoy the food...

Probably they make the best black forest cake in Bangalore!! Their pies are good too.

Lil Lovely place! Do try Chocolate Turd and Moose.

Since our office is at cunninghm road , I'm just trying to cover the places around . Everytime we have a sad lunch at office , we go out to look for desserts as cunninghm road has quiet a few  dessert places . After convincing others , we finally went ro this place today .   Ambiance : this restaurant is on the mezzanine floor of other restaurant . So that was a let down because you need to go through the other restaurant . The display was ok , nothing too great , but  I guess as a dessert place...

The cafe shares space with another restaurant. We need to go through some Chinese Restaurant and then take the stairs to the cafe. The display of items here seems to be much lesser than what I usually have seen at the French Loaf, Ulsoor. Apart from the cafe building, there's nothing to complain about. For those around the Cunningham, who used to frequent Au-Bon-Pain, this is a good alternative that will not let you disappointed.

This place is located in jayanagar, not to be confused with the place in gandhibazar. Place looks good for family, simple ambience, non-veg lovers delight. I ordered chicken biryani, boti fry, ragi mudde and chilly chicken. Biriyani was just ok, not to the level of other military hotels.  Ragi mudde and chilly chicken was the highlight.  . Service was good. Surely will come here again

I had been there in the evening, it was not much crowd, the Ambiance was simple, I could smell lot of fragrance of agarbathis (thin fragrance stick on fire) ,and loud bakthi geetas,the place is for family, I had ordered for take away of boti fry, which was really good, it was clean, evenly well cooked...

Visited yesterday. Service was little slow. Food was good as usual. Though staffs were smart but I definitely doubt about the hygiene and cleanliness of the kitchen. Best place to eat something at Garuda.

ZingeRrr is definitely Orgasmic. The chicken is juicy and crisp too. Virgin Mojito is the best drink with it.!  Chicken Popcorns are also amazing! KFC is worth it!

Taste of chicken is good . but the service is too slow.. Have to wait for your order.. Saucy chicken is best over there.. Zhinga burger is worth a try.. Krushers are also good.. Can have a nice time at this place

Once when i was studying my undergraduate in Jayanagar we friends ordered 8 piece bucket chicken .. The distance was just less than 2.50 kilo metres ... They couldn't deliver as we were told in time

As u all kno dy r d guys f chicken.. d wings nd popcorn chicken wr realy gud.. burgers r olso ok.. Very gud rates.. a must go place fr oll chicken lovers!

This place does not require any introduction as you can find this place in almost every major location. KFC has occupied a place in the heart of every generation. Wether you take your kids,friends or parents, they will love it for sure. I have tried many other fried chicken outlets but one can never compare the juicy and yummy taste which KFC gives. This time we took zinger box and the newly introduced Nashville chicken box. Both the box was worth single penny.  I have tried almost all variants ...

Well KFC would be the ultimate resting place for all the hens out there. A pure chicken lovers delight. Well the Colonel caught us all by storm. And one such heavenly outlet is at brigade road. Quite clean and well maintained with fast service considering how crowded the place is specially on weekends. I took a parcel home from here and stuck to one of my trustworthy meals the Zinger box. Honestly the amount of chicken in the burger has lessened with time, but the quality of the bun has certainl...

I went there on weekend so it's quite obvious to be crowded.there was no space for sitting so around 15 mins we had waited for table.I am vegetarian so ordered rice bowl and cold coffee with french fries.Rice bowl was so so so ....much tasty (hot n spicy) But also disappointed with cold coffee that was not actually cold coffee that was crushed ice coffee n very cold and didn't want to make my throat ill ..so left.Overall food was awesome and i enjoyed it.

Being a Hyderabadi, it's very tough to please me with a good biryani. However, I feel the closest I have gotten to a good biryani in Bangalore is Manis dum biryani. It's nice, juicy, non greasy and not very spicy. The flavours are all packed. Their Gulab jamuns are very good. I love they are so simply made and not too sweet. Not really a big fan of their starters. Yet, manis takes me home to hyderabad for the biryani experience. A must try!

It's jus an awesome place for Briyani.. I don't have much craz on briyani but this place made me to .. Specially the chicken kabab briyani... yum Those flavour and the smell you can't get out of it ... Please do visit this place ..

Being in the locality tried them last week. And I must say that they make some great chicken biryani. They also have couple of different sizes for different appetite. I would rate their chicken Biryani as one of the best Biryanis in town. Long grain Basmati rice cooked in dum along with the Chicken. Really Fantastic, the ambience could have been little better but will not complaint as the food was good.

A small joint at the jeevan bhima nagar main road. The interiors of the store of quite dark but the Biryani is now. The chicken Biryani is not full is spices but had a lot of flavours and they have different size portions so one can choose which size to have according to One's appetite. Otherwise you normally rent to waste food. I would rate this restaurant a good four star.

Nice cozy little place with a peaceful ambience.  They served delicious food and large portion sizes. Prices are also very affordable.  My only complaints were as follows : 1) The staff have a limited knowledge of their own menu.  2) This was what i found to be most disappointing - Despite the fact that the restaurant was quite empty, the staff were in a world of their own, and were very inattentive. Im not expecting 5star service, but maybe take a glance towards your customers' table once in a ...

It was Diwali afternoon and we wanted to try a new restaurant so we randomly ordered from this place.  While ordering,the rates seemed pretty high which increased my expectations from the restaurant as well.We ordered chicken leefu rice, roast chilli chicken and chicken in hot garlic sauce.  The rice was flavorful but I could hardly find any chicken pieces/shreds which made me wondered if I had ordered veg or non veg.  We had ordered chicken in hot garlic sauce but once we opened the container,i...

Cantonese Rice.. not bad.............................................................................................................................

Calm ambience with good food. Perfect place when you want to enjoy the food peacefully...Had vegetarian soup, appetisers, noodles and gravy.

It's a house converted to a restaurant, the ambience is pretty good, the service is pathetic, you hardly will hear from them once they've taken your order, to top it, it's not a great place if you want to relish chinese food, you have better places. I had ordered a gobi manchurian and a fried rice, I did not like it much, t was just average.

super nati taste . separate service for  family  room available . biryani wow . kheem dry fry super with chapathi . oil fry kabab ultimate . finally 1 glass of rasam umma . parking problem. Food: 4/5  Ambience: 2.5/5  Price: 3.5/5  Service: 3.5/5

Tasty  biryanis  Prices hiked recently  Mudde and chicken  curry  taste good  Biryanis and ragi mudde are popular here Compared to the ambience the prices are vry high

Located next to Eshwari theatre, a small outlet on the first floor. We tried the chicken biriyani, which was quite tasty, and the pepper chicken, flavoursome. Adequate quantity, but i felt biriyani was a little overpriced. Service is quick. Nothing much about the ambience. A place to visit when u have a biriyani craving! Food: 4/5 Ambience: 3/5 Price: 3/5 Service: 3.5/5

I ordered a German divinity cake. Quick delivery (within 2 hours) The finishing quality of the cake was good however it had slid to the side during transit. The cake had many layers and the lower sponge was dry. The layer of coffee was great but over all it was a bit heavy and it's not for people who don't like cakes too sweet. If you're bored from the regular dbc give it a go.

If you live near by manipal campus. this is best place for your bakery. they have best walnut brownie, different flavored breads, ice creams and chocolate cakes. they have good service. you can per-order also u can choose among large range of cakes. although its little costly but no harm when u r spending occasionally.

Bar service n ambience excellent. Food delivery time can be improvised but hospitality n staff very good. Love this place. Its now part of relaxation routine over weekends

Used to be our regular visit during weekends. Now the quality is degraded. Place needs to be renovated, its dark and shady. They have to improve upon the Asian dishes certainly. Nothing special to talk about, if u want a decent lunch or dinner buffet with less cost, you can visit this place.

The favourite local watering hole - cheap booze and I guess considering the place decent service. Essentially where you wanna go after work if you want to down a few with colleagues before rushing home.

Chicken Lover! Here it is. Love the feeling when this chicken melts in mouth. Reasonable price  as well.

Nothing great. Have when your very very hungry or when u don't have an alternative . I prefer shanti sagar or Adigas instead of this lol.  Nothing great in the food or it's taste. But good concept.

Good for snacks if you're very very hungry but otherwise I suggest KFC. The chicken is always a bit over cooked  but if you can't find KFC and you're very hungry then this could be an alternative.

Really really like this place. This was my fourth or fifth visit. Never disappoints  What's good? Ambience - rooftop with very elegant lighting and serene with pretty good views of the city skyline. Food! Everything i have had there so far has been great. Khumb galouti, vegetable dum.biriyani, mushroom and zucchini skewers, bhindi ratlami (loved it), kumbh ka shaan, subz veer zara, gulab jamun, litchi with rabdi. Service is good Its almost never crowded  What's not so good? Almost nothing. I mis...

I rate this as follows: Ambience: 4.5 Cost: 3.5 Food: 4.75 Service: 4.5  I just loved this place!! The food you get here is really very awesome. The ambience is also very good. A calm place. The service is really good. The cost maybe a Lil high but for the food u get, it's worth it! One this i felt was the quantity of starters is too less. Except tat everything is just perfect!! The "dum biriyani" is a must try. But just not tat every dish is superb here! Must visit place.

You get best food here. Panner is really awesome. I love this place - especially the roof top. It's little costly but worth the price. Not a place for drinks - it's Way expensive.

Hey guys  I won't be wrong to call this restaurant a jewel among the restaurants in Bangalore. I went in on a Sunday with my wife, the place was less crowded, just as we wanted it to be. There are two beautifully decorated floors. We preferred to sit on the main floor, it being more colorful and quite. Ambience is good enough for a relaxing dinner, colorful tiles on the wall, good flooring. The rest room is on the extreme right of the restaurant and is really well maintained. The table was set d...

Be careful what you order. Any main course can easily feed two people. The prices don't do justice to the quantity. U will be tricked into believing you will get very little. Four of us went to have lunch and I have no complaints whatsoever with respect to the food. Ambience can be improved and the hygiene as well. Perfect place to put adda with your friends if you know what I mean. #bengaluru #foodie

Once tried the place for veg falafel and pita bread with hummus and cheese dip starter with sour pickles which was descent pick.  The menu and the place gives you authentic middle east feeling :)

When you order a shawarma, you usually expect something more than a roll which you can get at any street vendor. But this place served us measly rolls, and boy, were they messy! This place is fine if you have absolutely no place to go. But I wouldn't recommend it. The seating area's kind of nice though.

Have tried their biriyani, Hummus and khuboos, Chappati, indian and arabic dishes.  They also have some good natural coolers . I have tried lemon mint, tender cocunut and cucumber Very good portion size.   Cons : time. u need to have the whole afternoon to have lunch in this place. There is only one person to do all jobs from cooking to serving.

With delicious humus and koobuse with a sumptious platter of kebabs, this is a cozy and pocket-friendly place to hang out with friends. They can, however, improve on their service skills and be slightly more prompt.

A roof top dining experience. The food tastes good, the ambience is good and peaceful. A perfect place to spend sometime with your loved ones.

Well, i have visited this place many times as its nearby. Always the service is super slow. The waiters are unaware about most of the things :P Ambience is quite and decent. But not maintained well. They do not even have a proper menu card... handed me a xerox copy :P Food is good to average.

Nice place to be with family... serene ambience... the menu is nothing special,  mundane but the service is decent. The quantity is decent too.

Tasty food..Tried egg items,egg biriyani,parothas..All are good n tasty. Hotel is clean. But sometime they delay orders if quantity of food ordered is less or when the billed item for taking parcel is less.Need to taste chicken item in next visit... Actully i was looking for some sea food which was mentioned in the menu card,later came to know they don't serve it.

Awesome place for a reasonable price of non veg dishes and as well as veg.  The ambiance is nothing much to brag about. Just a normal kind of ambiance.  The foods are superb. We had took manchow soup and butter kulcha with egg kadai. All the dishes we ordered was superb taste.  I highly recommend this place.  Ambiance 2.5/5 Taste / food 4/5 Price 4/5 (reasonable) Service 3.5/5  Must try: 1. Pudina / butter kulcha with egg kadai 2. Manchow soup

Value for money... Great chicken no doubt... Haryali tikka, made the way it should be... Really yummy. Not much of an interior, but if you are there only for the food, it shouldn't really matter...

A great place to taste at reasonable affordable price. Tandoori, chicken kebab, chicken tikka n chicken 65 are soooperb. U have a lot to try here !!!!

Had been there once for a lunch. Good vegetarian food. Baby corn chilly was ok. egg biryani. this place is good for lunch, but not for giving treat to anyone.

Just about an ordinary sit out. Not much of a view and the setup or ambiance is quite poor.  Service is a bit slow.  But; and it is a big but, if I can say. The coffee is really very good.

Fun place for a drink n dance Alot of mzungus hang out here at night. Great music and atmosphere . You see a lot of expats here. There is a lot of beer, however for a bar the list of other drinks available is rather limited. Only thing is you have to go early to get a table otherwise you'll be standing the whole night.

over the head prices. well behaved staff but still could be better. on an odd day when crowd is housefull you might feel the place to be small.

Too good.good food and good ambiance.teally liked it.i would love to go again ..... #tasty #food #nice #crowd #nice #time #spent ......loved it

There are many hidden military hotels in Bangalore which serve lip smacking dishes but never get the limelight, and Sri Maruthi Hotel is one such place. I happened to come across this place and wanted to try without a second thought because of it's welcoming menu!   I checked in for an early lunch and started off with Parota with Chilli Chicken. Parota was soft in the middle and little crisp at the edges, just the way I like them. The Chilli Chicken served here is different from the ones you get...

Maruthi is honestly one of the best military hotels that I have ever been to. It not only serves lip smacking delicious food but also is very light on the pocket.   Sample this: A chicken masala with 8 healthy pieces of chicken costs only Rs.105! And it's absolutely delectable! Makes me wonder why most restaurants fail to balance quality and quantity.   Must try dishes here: Piping hot raggi mudde, kaal soup, mutton/chicken masala and last but not the least, mutton pepper which is mind blowing. ...

Was very much please with this particular military hotel serves yummy non veg delights, am now quiet regular here, seasonal prices and yet neat ambience unlike other military hotels, good service and delicious food. Their parotta with egg burji and chicken masala of chicken fry is dam good. Chiken dry with rasam rice is amazing and Biryani was good too.

Never have I gone to a same place for breakfast and lunch on a single day. There is nothing like a heavy non vegetarian food after a herculean trek. Thats what happened in Sri Maruthi Gowd's military hotel.   For breakfast we had the last idly which was three times the size of normal idly and what started as just a plate of dosa went on to 2 extra dosas each. Kurma for it being fabulous, 4 dosas each were a piece of cake.  For lunch we had a chicken biryani which was better than Donne's, paro...

Very spicy very nice fish curry. Like realllly spicy. I love it! So much so, that I travel some 10 kms just to get here. This joint used to be across mc donalds, but the whole building is demolished, and it has moved elsewhere. I have never been able to locate them since :( and their phone mostly goes unanswered. :(

Excellent food and prompt delivery !! keep up the good work.

I live in HSR layout and eat frequently at Spice Square. The food is consistently good each time. I have always had a very satisfactory experience whether dining in or ordering for home delivery (which is very prompt). I think this restaurant is great value for money

A friend introduced me to the neighborhood restaurant (I mostly happen to visit it on weekdays, mostly end of week with the fridge empty) Since then, I have been there a few time and even tried their delivery. I have always tried Indian food here and it has always been consistently good. The thali is good and wholesome. If you are hungry after a day's work, thali would work well for you. My favorite thing here, though, is to have two parathas and an omelette, so that works equally well. The staf...

it's so freaking delicious, but I'm telling you I gain five pounds every time I go in there. i would say Good food ends with good talk.

Wow !!  today I had Egg biryani and that was excellent..

I have visited this place like so many times. First of all service is good. Very friendly staff. The ambience can be improved. It is a small and a nice place. I must have tried everything on their Menu. As usual they have amazing drums of heaven, chicken monos and everything is so good. This time I tried something new (i.e crackling spinach babycorn) and well it's was so delicious. Ian in love with it. They also have amazing rice flat noodles. I would prefer to go and have food there than a take...

Do you also have those days when you're craving some nice Indian Chinese food but can't be bothered to dress up really well and go someplace fancy? Well I do and this is my favorite place for those type of days.   The vegetarian manchow soup is super delicious.   The steamed wantons are soothing and passably tasty. Not the best but they'll do.   The veg chowmein is not oily, very light and flavorful.   Chinese craving fixed without feeling sick and bloated. It's dim and quiet and very relaxing. ...

Good food. Great service! A must try. Dragon rolls and veg ball in Schzuwan sauce was really tasty.   All their noodles are inferring and have a fresh new taste.   Certainly worth a visit!

Nice and cozy place. Been here once, rest of the times we preferred take aways.  Food - 8/10 Cost - Fairly decent at about 200~ for a starter  Their Starters are really nice, mild spice, saucey and flavour packed. I generally ask the staff what they would recommend, and it never goes wrong. I can assure you on that.   Their Chicken Manchow soup is always nice, I think only once the consistency was slightly different, but still flavourful.   I like their Schzewan Fried Rice, usually when you go f...

Absolute brilliant value for money. Great quantity and fantastic taste for the category they are in. Everything is good, especially chicken with crackling spinach is awesome

The place has got some nice Andra foods which is a good taste and it is a plus point for this restaurant. The ambiance is average but decent and good for family and friends. Coming to the food part haven't tried much foods here but out of our 4 dishes  were good and the other one was ok ok. The food we ordered was  1.Baby corn peppery dry (was good) 2. Mushroom Pepper dry (the mushroom was not good) 3. Andra style biryani (Super taste) 4. Fruit juice (good)  MUST TRY 1. Andra Style Biryani 2. B...

Ambience: AverageService: AverageFood: Pretty goodLocality: OkayishThe fried rice and the spicy paneer gravy went very well together. Andhra style food lovers will love it.

Very tasty andhra lunch

Pretty gud with taste and service.... Gud by its locality.... Average ambience

Tasty food, easy to find location. Andhra cusine, so quite spicy yet delicious. One of those - around-the-corner restaurants that you could call for home delivery.

This is a value for money place. Though earlier they were in a prime location . Very much pocket friendly. But food is spicy like any other Andhra style mess. So if ur taste buds like spicy food at nominal cost you can head for this place. They hv both veg and non veg options and also biriyani too.

Had been to this place which is a take away they have some decent curries. The biryani was ok not much to be talked about. Chicken starters were gud. All in all not a bad place when u feel lazy to cook.  Food : 3/5 Service : 3.5/5 VFM : 3.5/5

A no nonsense store which serves only take away. They have usual suspects like sambar, rassam, rice, palya, chiecken curry, fish fry, chicken chilly, chicken 65, etc on the menu. You can take these items based on their weight - which allows you to mix and match different things.   I have tried their chicken starters - all were tasty but a bit spicy. Fish fry (Cutla) was decent and tasted good. Sambar rice and palya is also a routine but nice option. Biryani, contrary to some of the reviews is n...

Located on main road, easy to locate, Good for take way menu.. Had ordered Chicken biryani, loved it. Rest of the menu items were ok.. Do try chicken biryani..

Fresh and tasty dum biriyani made available... Situated right on the sahakarnagar main road among many other restaurants...this place is fairly easy to find. There's no dine in...but its good for a take away. There are a lot of dishes to choose from... including seafood. Taste is very good...definitely worth a try...

been there for three times  area/locality : 2.5/5       opposite to main road and signal near by so sort of noisy . cleanliness /dinning : 2.5/5       not that super clean but yes can have a meal with family for once in a while  food:3/5       biryani not that amazing ,normal contemporary.        grilled chicken a treat ,very different taste and nice one       tandoori chicken is also one of the best things they have to offer        hyderabadi chicken ,very spicy but no tas...

Pocket friendly restaurant...tandoori chicken n chicken biryani is good....Chinese cuisines could be better...all recepies are quite spicy so if u like simple less spicy food spare yourself from hogging here

We had the best time ever there. We went on Sunday at midnight and the restaurant was about to get closed but this guy didn't let us go hungry and he served us with chicken biryani and it was the yummiest chicken biryani we have ever had in Bangalore. You should go to this place and eat brownie with ice cream and chicken biryani. This is the best place. And we also went there again but this time at right time and the food was as good as last time.

Nothing better that this place on this location . Located just next to Yeshwantpur railway station where you hardly get any good joint except the star hotel outlets .However the place is just good and i must say they have tried their best . Good value for price .Only the food is little unpredictable .Some dish taste good some not  .

Had ordered chicken lollipop ,butter chicken, roti and choc brownie. Chicken lollipop was terrible. .der was hardly any meat ..butter chicken was good Roti had become hard by the time we received it..brownie was absolute standout. .never had such yummy and soft brownies before...overall food was ok..can be improved though

5 of us friends visited on a Sunday afternoon after watching a movie in PVR, just opposite. This place is right opposite to Vaishnavi Sapphire Mall and is right next to metro station. Nice ambience, good food and friendly staff. Cricket match was being screened live when we visited on 3 TVs. I liked their biriyani very much. Overall it's as good as any leading pub in Bangalore while being much lighter on the pocket in comparison. I would recommend this to anyone visiting nearby.

Great place to enjoy sea food, specially Manglorean style fish and even chicken. Loved their prawns ghee roast, it was sooo light yet so yummy. The prawns were very fresh and tender. Also tried a new fish here, some Kaane fish. It was very slender, fresh and delicious. Even the biryani was nice. Overall the preparations seemed like authentic Mangalorean style, which I am a big fan of, hence I thoroughly enjoyed the food. Decent place, yummy food, fine staff, and not a very heavy-on-pocket-place.

Good keralite food. May need to improve home delivery service. Biriyani Rice should be changes to Basimati Rice. Rest everything good. 

I used to visit this place early when i had no idea where to get some fish or a plate of beef fry. Once i found other alternatives, i don't visit this place anymore. Nothing is exceptional here.

Fast service, good menu offering and delicious food. Kerala paratha with any meat dish is really awesome. Check out beef dishes, beef roast is really good. For lunch the meal is very good option. Very easy on the pocket too.

A really good and authentic place to relish the Kerala cuisine.   Go for the beef varathiyattu, beef fry, beef kebab, chicken sukka. Everything is cooked really well and served hot. The quality of meat is fresh and tender. And even the prices are well suited to the dish.   Must try for everyone who comes to this area.

A decent place for some cheesy goodness but I still prefer my pizza's a little more well cooked with more toppings :) a one time visit for me just to try their cheesy garlic bread and pizza 

So it is kind of hidden place near 18th cross Opp to amma's pastries. Menu looks good so I tried this place and was disappointed. Pizza was not upto it's cost. Crust was not baked properly. And it appears as  garlic bread was made by amature.   F.ood: 2 E.ntertainment: nil A.mbience: 2 S.ervice: 2 T.ry: -   Worst part was u can see roaches on Wall while eating and that's disgusting. And place is so small u feel suffocating due to oven.  #eatawesomeliveawesome

A small outlet amidst the Malleshwaram traffic serves awesome food. A relative of mine suggested this place and it has been my first choice for thin crust pizza's since then. They serve the BEST Masala Garlic Bread. Love the presentation and taste. I have visited quite a lot of times and my favorites are the Pizza assorted and Mediterranean pizza . You could also try Sicilian, nawabi and Tabasco. They are a little understaffed. So, they take time to serve. But I guess the food compensates it :P ...

Order at home twice through Swiggy. The pasta both the time was very tasty. Once I ordered nachos with cheese, and it was very tasty. The packaging is nice.

Quality vise it's good but service was very slow. They took 45min to get one fried rice. Disappointed with the service. It would have been better if I had taken self service

We went here for dinner. We had ordered paneer kofta curry,Roti's,dosa,masala pappad ,north Indian meals and filter coffee. Everything was almost bad except the paneer kofta curry and curd rice which was like okay.  The onions saved us as we didn't want to waste anything. The gulab jamun was tasty. The rates are nominal but they should improve the taste a lot. The service is so bad in the hotel. That also must be improved.

This restaurant is round the corner of my house so we eat almost every week from this place. A decently good place and food is good but very spicy so careful.

The quest for eating South Indian food for breakfast can make me drive a good distance.  Well, this is exactly what I did when I felt the desire to try some South Indian on a lazy Saturday morning.  But then it does not mean that all my expectation would be met coz some of the place just try so hard and find it hard to get there.  Does it mean that place would not be good to visit once in a while, cant say coz its a darshini and people love eating out at these place.  My thoughts on the fo...

Its just a small restaurant with few tables so do not expect a great ambiance.it is mostly suited for bachelors and take away. Andhra style chicken biriyani is available here,Its worth for price.veg and chicken starters are also good to have.Do try if you crave for spicy chicken biriyani. staff is friendly and cost for 2 will be max 500.  Overall my scoreboard is as follows.  food:3/5 cost:4/5 ambiance:2/5

Food is good. They don't have much variety. Mutton keema was not properly cooked. Lassi was awesome. Biriyani is fantastic. Kebabs are nice both veg n non veg. Tandoori chicken was nice too.

Nice family restaurant. Ambience is good. Food is great but not many options, especially in veg (specifically in paneer). Service is friendly. Not too costly as well. U can find a place to sit even at peak times.

Nice family restaurant located on bannerghatta road which serves some good North Indian cuisine. Some of the non vegetarian items were not available which was a disappointment. Ordered garlic naan and a chicken gravy which was garnished with boiled eggs. It was good. Service was okay.

Only thing that I eat here maggi !! Not much options nd there's a baskin Robbins in  the compound

Chaipatty, 'Teafe' as they call it, is one of the simple yet beautiful tea places I've ever visited. Right as you enter Chaipatty (especially during late afternoon), you will be welcomed by the chirping of birds from a nearby tree and the sound of flowing water (from a store next door :P) which creates a soothing effect. The ever-smiling staff warmly welcome you into the restaurant. You can choose to sit on the chair or just take off your shoes and sit down on the mat. There are quite a few vari...

I had been there for a quick lunch  with my colleagues.  We ordered meals and kothu parota . Kothu parota was good. Meals had the basic chapathi, curry, rice, sambar and rasam.ambience s good. Worth the price.

Went here with the extended family on Sunday for lunch. place was full but after a short wait, we got few tables. The wait was worth it actually. Our order was paya soup, sweet corn chicken soup, lamb starter, brain egg curry, 3 mutton biryanis, 2 chicken biryani, chicken ghee roast, appam (lots of it!) and mutton kurma. Soups were good especially the paya which was excellent. opened up our noses and the spice was just right. sweet corn was passable nothing great. Starters were between good to g...

A great place to have a tasty food . been there a couple of times , thin crust pizza s are very good and must try .  chef style chicken starter is must try too . for main course noodles is very tasty . but you need to have a lot of patience till food comes out of the kitchen as they take a lot of time in preparation . for desert you don't have much options .......

The best pizza in Bengaluru! We had the Aubergine and the Shroom Pesto. Both were good, with a bite of each could not decide which was better.  We had nachos to start - you can gorge on these - beware!   Have you ever had good Chinese food at what is primarily a pizzeria? Excellent fried rice with a lemon coriander sauce as accompaniment!  Fantastic service, the waiter found me comfortable chair by pulling out all the variations. (I have a bad back)  It's small and unpretentious but for good foo...

Went on a Saturday evening, it was crowded a bit. Got a table after 5-10mins. I had cheese chilly toast. It was really not at all crispy. Then, i had spicy Louisiana pizza. It more of a farmhouse kind of pizza with onion,tomato, capsicum, bell pepper, sweet corn, olives. It was really tasty.   Ambience- 3/5 Food-3.5/5 Service-2/5 Value for money- 3/5

Hello hungry lil monsters,  Resting undisturbed in Whitefield, OliversPizzas is every Whitefielder's favourite Pizza Kitchen.  Their calm atmosphere and people roaring about the the delicious food is quite a great combination for you to be ecstatic about what's served.   I went there for lunch today and ordered the following: 1. Street Style Chilli Pork  2. Margherita Pizza 3. Chilly Chicken Pizza  4. Herb and Lemon Sauce Pasta 5. Mexican Chicken Nachos Pizza 6. Patata Salsa Pizza  7. Dark Choco...

Me and my girlfriend went for a dinner in pasha bar restaurant, it was soo nice , staff was soo helpfull, food can be little better .. The decoration of the table was really great which was unexpected by the pool side as it was last minute requirement . Tnx to Navjot and  his team for making that evening special ..we will come back for sure ...cheerrrrssss ...

The place is just beautiful!!  It blew my mind when i entered. Few tables out in the open next a long pool with minimal lights and a candle on the table. Best place to go with a special one and have a romantic time. The waiters don't hover around and give you the alone time you want. It makes it difficult to order though. The food quantity is very less as compared to prices. We ordered chicken wings and the plate had only 4 pieces. That was a bit disappointing. If you have money to shell out fo...

I've been to Bliss a few times, always with <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-875596" href="https://www.zomato.com/Shailock">Shailee Mody</a></span>. I find its ambience calm even though it is right near a busy junction. And it has got a good selection of cakes and snacks.   However, what sets it apart is its chocolate drink selection. I am a fan of the spiced Belgian dark chocolate. I could probably drink it everyday if it weren't so unhealthy. Just to try that one out, you've got to give this on...

The food here is very good. My favourite is the pizza. I have tried all three and can say its one of the best pizza I have had. None of that pizza hut/Dominos crap. Pasta is also very good. I was very surprised that their food was so good since chocolate and pastries is their core business. Their red velvet cake is awesome. Cheese cake is alright. Not the best. We ordered some masala fries but we were informed after 15 minutes that their frier broke. The reason I am giving a three rating is beca...

Exploring indira nagar...and viola I ended up at this place.. Small nice cosy outlet..and yes it was peaceful.. Had a hot choclate brownie and coffee frape...decent it was..their especiality lies in their choclates but I was not in the mood :)

One of the most amazing cakes in town!!! I regret of not clicking pics of our order. Located off 100ft road and on a quiet lane. Nice little place and good ambience.Very courteous staff. I simply love chocolate and can commit the sin of gluttony with chocolate without any guild :D. After looking at the display I knew right away what I wanted, Belgium Chocolate Truffle. Also ordered a Red Velvet Cake. They have 2 varieties of Red Velvet Cake, we chose velvet mousse cake. First up, Chocolate Truff...

I first got to kn about this joint when they had put up a stall at Durga MAA pandal in ulsoor. There I had prawns grill which they were actually grilling on a big coal container, the taste was super amazing. The prawns were fresh & this stall was very crowded as well. I liked the food at pandal so much that I decided to try out one of their outlets. But what I got here in Kalyan Nagar outlet was frozen fish, taste was also fine not great, maybe I kept my hopes too high.  I can try again for quic...

Awesome seafood,   amazing decent menu yet limited variety,  rarely available elsewhere, cool manager.   U can't ask for more the pricing is perfect.  Good Job guys  Full and satisfied, definitely come back soon ..

This place is one of its kind..  If you love seafood and looking for a quick one then this is the place..  There menu has many varieties...  You should try there combos, grill fish or 

Prawns crunch ...okay nothing like have excellent prawns dishes here as per the name goes. Very much hyped place ...Cannot really enjoy overall

I had organised my parents anniversary in this hotel , after visiting this restaurant many a times Food is also good taste Alcohol is also reasonably priced  pros :  Food taste is good rates very optimal Buffet Breakfast is very reasonable and items on the menu are also good  Cons :  Ambiance is very dull hotel is like normal hotel not much theme based or with bright lights. not many options available.

Good food, good ambience, reasonable prices compare to other restaurants. ....great. .......!

Food is good...rates are reasonable compared to other restaurants...lounge bar...is excellent...fun place...service is excellent...

Good quality of food.. Great ambience ( 1st floor).. reasonable price.. A must try-chicken/ veg manchow soup.. its a very spicy soup..but anyhow..You can ask them to make a little more spicy if you want.. it tastes Slurrppp..!!! the chicken ghee roast is something that I liked very much.. I've been to this place about 3 times.. and the quality and taste of food has always been the same..

A very cosy place within the city limits , The cost is very reasonable and waiters over here are very soft spoken . And food taste and quality both are good

It is a good place to eat, easy on the pocket, the food is served fresh and warm and is really delicious. The staff is polite and friendly too.

It's a nice place to order from...quick service and decent food.  If you're looking for regular no-frill Indian Chinese delivered at home for people living at Natasha apt  or Diamond district then go for this place.

Food - 4  Service - 4  VFM - 5  One of our favorite restaurants. We order food from Chinese Kitchen quite often. Must-try is Manchow chicken soup. It's just delicious. We have tried almost all chowmeins. You will just drool by just seeing 'Diced Chicken Pepper Salt'. Since we reside in Domlur Layout, they always deliver within 30mins :)

Have ordered from here a couple of times due to accessibility. The food is delivered hot and fresh. Tried the hot and sour soup which is of quite good quantity. Also liked the ginger rice and ginger chicken. Have also tried the gobi manchurian which was quite bland in taste.

This is a small chinese setup based out of Natasha Apartments, next to Domlur flyover. Hence, it's a good option to call for home delivery if you are closeby. They are prompt and were reasonably priced till they reduced the food quantity dramatically in the recent past. Now they are on the expensive side. So whenever you are looking to order for some chinese for a quick get-together,  do give them a call but just tell them to top it up.  Food : 4/5 Service : 4/5 Quantity : 2/5 Value for money : ...

Good Service, fresh food and nice ambience. The owner and the boys at the counter are really friendly. They really take care of your order and do not crib or complain if you request for a little extra topping or the sauces.

No not up to the mark , if you are getting your subs delivered to home . They won't take care of all your specifications and made me felt disappointed. I have ordered for one veggie patty and one roasted chicken , asked for some olives and pickles which were missing from roasted chicken plus honey mustard sauce (requested) was not taken into account. Only plane mayonnaise was added as reliever.  Even the bread was white Italian instead of multigrain. So it can be easily assessed, it was a big go...

It's just phenomenal how quickly they deliver the food to my place from here. Believe me, I have ordered food from other restaurants that are much closer to my house than this one. But, this subway delivers food very very quickly and I love it. Quality wise, I have never had any complaints in my 8 orders from here. Always early and tasty as ever. I am a bid fan of subs and subway salad.  After all trial and errors, below are my go to orders:  Veggie delight sub or meat of your choice- all veggie...

My next food junction. Too small to sit and eat. Order for deliveries is great. On a scale of 1-10-Veggies 6 in terms of freshness. Bread - 7 in terms of taste Addons- 4 in terms of taste and please 10 rupees for packaging for a wrapper is not acceptable.

A perfect place for all the health freaks. This specific outlet is a tiny store and the manager handling is also very sweet and takes care of the needs of the customers.

Alas eatstreet is closed only dining in second floor.

Fabulous Mutton kathi rolls. Great value for money. Prompt home delivery. Extensive menu and great comfort food. Delivery after 6 pm. Must try.

Surprised that this resto has got low rating here.Ordered for home delivery last night. The order was quick, and it was delivered in stipulated time of 9pm.  We ordered-  Chicken Tandoori, Butter Nun and Mutton Biriyani (Special).  The tandoori was excellent with soft chicken, and was server with lemon/salad.  Nun was also soft and warm, even after 45 mins. The mutton biriyani was "iceing on the cake", with 4 big mutton peices, 2 potatoes and good amount of rice.  Overall, the dinner was great...

Good for non vegetarian.... But price are on higher side as compared to nearby restraunts

This was on 20 the of June 2014 , when I visited this restaurant. Ambience was ultimate, but I was not comfortable with the taste and cost of the food. Taste was not soo good or not soo bad. It was OK. but then price was very high. Once i start ordering a me al... I continue to complete it totally, but I got to stop with only one step here. Starters were good in taste.

I had bought a b'day cake from Gateaux. I must say I liked the taste a lot. This new pastry shop in j.p nagar has an ambience that I liked a lot. All of us at home liked the chocolate cake with cashews and almonds strewn about it. The home made chocolates are quite tasty as well- I had got an assorted bunch and enjoyed them.

Customisation to its limits. I love the way I can make my own pizza. With a whole wheat base and fun toppings like pineapple, aubergine, or tandoori chicken. Vey economic.  The sides are nice too. They serve drinks in recycled beer bottles cut in half which is nice. Their mayo and chilli sauce seems to be made at the restaurant which is fantastic.  Did not like the nuggets or the bullet potatoes. Very little in a plate and very dry.  The menu is extremely confusing, the layout, too crowded, so I...

Wonderful place to Visit. I have visited this place more than 2-3 times and never had to complain that the food ordered last time was better. Everytime the taste was as splendid as before. :) The best I love here is the ragi pizza. Sounds strange but the thin crust ragi pizza is a recommended one. U may choose any topping as you have the choice right from the veggies and sause and the non-veg. So you dont have to eat what they give but u eat what u feel like eating. The members here are very fri...

Ambience OK.fair service. Food is cheesy as the name suggests. Can have it off and on not regularly. The green filling pasta w as a disaster, could not get it down, something different about it.  Pizzaa are fine

Situated at a prime location with a few seating tables. Cafe Kinda atmosphere. #ChocoVanilla :: Got this cake half kg size. Looked sober so we had high expectations on taste. But this was not up to my expectations. The cake had chocolate sponge layer which was pretty hard felt excess of flour while baking. The iceing on the cake was decent to the taste buds. But the quality needs to be improved. The price was Rs 400 for half kg. At this price ChefBakers will give you the best of cakes. My sugges...

Ordered a choco mocha cold coffee along with a cappuccino for my friend. The cold coffee was mild and creamy but unfortunately the cappuccino had a bad taste, and my poor friend had to leave it altogether, giving me disgusted looks while I happily slurped up my coffee. I would have given a better rating had we both had a good coffee experience. Maybe next time :)

The mini melts concept attracted me to this place and I went to try it.   The mini melts concept is good, but  pricey. Mini melts is like frozen droplets of ice cream. There are not many options available thought and the flavors are also delicate. The cakes and pastries are good though.   An overpriced dessert place, according to me.

a usual daily bread would get a rating of 3.5 from me according to the food and ambiance. but disappointingly a lot of products in this outlet in unavailable and the AC is very horrible so therefore i am giving a rating of 3. its location if near the 'spice garden' bus stop and convenient but the availability of some products is not that much. people who would go there i would recommend the chicken sandwich. mouth watering.  but for people living close by to marathahalli area if they want a cafe...

A hungry Sunday afternoon.. without much thinking we headed to Thalassery Restaurant. Ordered the Kerala meal , Seer fish fry , kozhi porichathu and a chicken biryani. A hearty kerala meal after a long time. The meal had boiled rice , fish gravy , moru curry , thoran , avial ,  chutney , pappadum n lemon pickle .. the meal ended with a semiya payasam shot. Their biryani was light and flavourful. Place is little cramped up but then for a nice meal it's completely fine 

Being an ardent lover for Kerala cuisine, this place is a must visit. Located beside Raham's, I thought of giving this place a try one evening. I had ordered for appams and thalassery chicken curry. Appams were soft and warm, but I felt the chicken curry lacked a bit of flavor. Service was prompt but the staff wasn't very attentive. We had to wait for quite a long time before someone came to take the order. I'll try the other dishes , next time.

Had to wait for the seats,but the wait was worth. Had chicken dum biryani made in their own style. It was not too spicy but exactly the correct blend of spices. It was the type how it should be. Planning to visit again and again and again.

The best will be back The Thali and fish were awesome.  Rush hour chaos , but the food was very good. Should have more sitting space , since there is a crowd always.

Great place for Kerala food Great food, the best of this place are porotta chicken curry, Kerala biryani and meals. The place is hygeinic and great staff support.

Been with buddies aka colleagues after  a day long tech summit.  The place is small but the menu is humongous with lot to offer.  We focused on the special items as it was first visit (may be last visit) and ordered special sev puri,  masala puri, gullu's special chat(it's potpourri of masala puri,  cutlet and samosa), Dhaipuri, Bhel Puri and floating pani puri.  Felt that word 'special' was apt to  exuberant price and chats were ordinary. There are lot of eateries that provides delicious chats ...

They probably serve the best Masala and Pani Puri in Bangalore according to me.Almost always crowded.  Quite clean and they now also have a nice seating area.They have been around for about 25 years and are a landmark.They also have Pastas Rolls and Burgers now and are a pure veg place.

Fast food and Chaat fans will never be disappointed especially with the Mango corn Bhel and the pain puri.  The masala puri is ok. The pastas come out really good and they do a good job with  penne and the herbs . The seating arrangement is pretty claustrophobic and the general hygiene of the place can be improved upon.

Great chats along with sandwiches and even pizzas... a little crowded in the evenings but the taste makes up for it.  Love the masala puri and samosa chat..

Tandoori is the best they have, and it comes enough for 2 people. Chicken kalimirchi and biryani is also good, and they actually take your custom request into consideration. Not quite a good ambience,but good for take away.

This restaurant is near my home and I had ordered food multiple times from here. North Indian food is exceptionally good, all paneer dishes I have ordered so far are very tasty, paneer was soft and creamy. This is rare in bangalore . Non veg food is also good, I had ordered chili chicken and chicken masala gravy. I was amazed to see that there was no added red color in chili chicken. Phulkas are also like home made. Quantity of food was always decent. And most importantly, it's very pocket frien...

Budget friendly restaurant. Grilled chicken is good..All the non veg gravy items are very good.Butter chicken, Kadai chicken, Chicken Do piyaza, Chicken kolapuri etc are very good. Biriyani is ok.

This is a nearby dhaba kind of place with good spicy food, as per north indian taste, consistent. If I can compare it with Noida, its like shops in Brahmputra market. Price is quite reasonable, delivery is very quick. Food is worth the cost. I have tried mostly non veg for my drink parties. Chicken tikka, chilli chicken, chicken tandoori gravies all are good. I tried aloo paratha which was not upto mark quite bland. Veg fried rice is good, my kids love it.  Its been there for long time and quite...

I went with extremely low expectations from a "hole in the wall" type dhaba and I was pleasantly surprised. They even have a seating area which resembles a shady bar. The best part is that their kitchen is just behind a glass counter and you can see the staff hard at work. You know you can't expect anything fancy and know the risks involved.  I ordered food "to go" and I was not disappointed. Taste wise they are at par with any regular north indian tandoori "dhabas" that are littered all over Ba...

Though located in such a crowded place in brigade road, it is almost empty all the time including Saturday and Sunday. But considering the food here, it's anytime better. Though ambience is not so good, but the money u spend here is worthy.

I ordered masala dosa  and poor for breakfast and it was not under or over cooked . Masala was different inside the dosa and poori was okay .

Everyone recommend this place for healthy and hygiene food. Items tried so far tasted yummy and it turned out to be my five day breakfast place.

A place for vegetarians.. Ambience was ok.. It is really easy to reach as it is near to the brigade signal.. Masala dosa is one of the master dishes in the menu.. Loved the masala inside..

The place is good for breakfast! Definitely liked the idli and vada plate with sambhar and the dahi vada here. Will try more stuff soon! Will keep updating :)

Sri Devi Cafe was my go to place for bisibele bath breakfast but now their bath is so wet that it feels like someone left the tap running for a bit. They've also cut down on the khara boondi they give along with the bath while increasing their prices. It's sort of like that phase sri Devi went through where she did crap movies after Mr. India and earned a lot of money.

Excellent place for quick meals! Everything in the menu is great and tasty. Service is good but it's moreover self service. Have tried almost everything on the menu and is value for money

Pretty good South Indian snacks available here. This place has been my family go-to Sunday breakfast joint for years.   While we've gotten used to doing a takeaway for a peaceful home meal, I highly recommend sitting down at their tables to enjoy the hot fresh dosas, crispy puris and delightful filter coffee.

I have picked up many a breakfast from here in Sunday mornings, this being the closest darshini to my house. And if I move, I won't be picking any more breakfast from here. It's not bad, but pretty ordinary as a whole - nothing special about it. The earlier you reach on Sunday, the shorter you need to wait for the food. It's never too long, but still gets somewhat crowded, largely owing to lack of better options in the immediate vicinity. I did recently discover Mr and Mrs idli a km away and hav...

The ambiance is good. They have varieties of options for vegans, but most of the food were cold. The starters and desserts were good though. The buffet price seem to be more for what we get there.

Place looks nice, clean and decent... food varieties for both veg and non veg are very very less for buffet for the amount charged... Taste is average..

Had a team lunch here last week and absolutely loved their buffet. Unlike other buffet, they had more options for vegetarians. There were 4 veg starts - Veg Manchurian, cottage cheese balls, kurkure kebab and panneer. The machurian was the best and others were just fine. Non- vegetarians had chicken Manchurian, tandoori chicken and fish fry.The served spiced buttermilk as welcome drink and that was lot delicious and healthy than a lot of other drinks that get served in buffets. Now the main cour...

Hi team  I am from Bangalore. We (me, wife and one friend) had attended the new year  bash arranged at the Electronic city Radha Regent Hotel. Please pass my  heart felt thanks to the entire team of Electronic city Radharegent Hotel.  Starting from the reception in entrance to all the floors were amazing.The  food arrangements till the drinks especially i loved the Qawali songs + DJ  Vishal was amazing. Please pass my hear felt thanks to F&B team who  arranged the same for the function. I would ...

Went with team lunch had buffet good choice of starters both veg and non veg followed by buffet with multiple choice of options lots of desserts nice hospitality

This place one of my favourite place for breakfast and lunch...average ambiance but good quality food . We recommended this place ...Ghee Rice and Jera Rice...enjoy all..

Vishnu sagar is one of the best if not thee best place for breakfast in koramangala..mostly crowded... Ambiance is not great but they make up for it with the tasty food they deliver, Espicially Dosa's....

Very small place, it's quite busy in mornings. Dosas here are too good, but I feel it's quite over priced otherwise it's a good place for your meal. Price-5/10 Taste-7/10

Been here a number of times as it is nearly 100 m from my current residence.   Really busy in the morning during the rush hours.  Have tried masala dosa and poori here, not really tasty and much better masala dosa is prepared by a few other restaurants on the same road.  Affordable but the ambiance is not something one would want to talk about.  Wouldn't recommend to anyone.

Shri Vishnu Sagar is a small outlet where you come eat and leave.  Not at all fancy but a great place to suffice your stomach.  We have Onion Rawa Masala Dosa and Curd Rice. The price per dosa is just Rs. 55/- and it was a fulfilling meal.  The hugely stuffed dosas were amazing.

Nice and friendly staff with awesome ambience. Enjoyed the evening very much. Food was lovely Live music by foreign  band adds the value to poolside. Beautiful place inside electronic city, throughly enjoyed

We were looking for some party place for new year in electronic city and we decided to tryout Rachael regent. Service was quick and efficient. Food is good and really worth the money yu spend.lot of options for veggies,liked the poolside and ambience Nice place for cocktail dinner.

Nice place for dinner with family's.  We had a good time at Aura, enjoyed live band by English band.  Service and attentiveness of staffs at radha regent is always great. I am very regular at this place and i hope the  same will be continuing further.  Will recommend to all my friends. Note: Good for corporate dinners and get together.

Good veggie options.. Good buffet place, nice ambiance and courtious staff, nice hospitality.. Location of this restaurant is bit off from main street

Not worth the money ......   The service is good as one would expect in a 3 star hotel.... The food however is a different story. I had been with my colleagues and this is not the place for people who absolutely love food. The rice was not cooked properly, main course dishes lacked the flavours it needed to have. The desserts however we're pretty good except for the ice cream . So 2.5 for the food and 4 for the service and ambience.

The food is not bad, but the customer service is terrible. There is no ambiance at all and it's very congested place. They take too much time to serve. Even though the food is good you won't feel happy after eating there..

I had heard about this place for its some non veg starters, it's a very small place not meant for hang out or anything. It's a proper decent eating place, the food here is amazing. The chicken drumsticks, noodles and the babycorn chilly is amazing. Not so heavy on pocket, but he food is really good.

Placed an order for gobi manchurian gravy and panner tikka. The panner tikka and the mint chutney along with it had too much artificial colour or essence added to it and the delivery time took about 50mins. On the other hand gobi manchurian was good.  Speed of delivery : 1.5/5 Panner tikka and mint chutney : 2/5 Gobi manchurian : 3/5

Average food and the only good thing is you can park your car outside and he will give service at your car.Don't recommend family visit here

This place started about an year ago in nagarbhavi by two brothers(very nice people) . I regularly visited this place from tha starting and the food was good . Later the quality of food came down by 25%  . Now the place does have good cooks but maintenance is definitely an issue . Overall review - good place in a situation when you don't have any other option . Not bad but not great

Omg.....one of the yummiest North Indian food we can get here!!!! Try the must must have "panner dabbewala"... It's yum beyond words...the ambience is so so but hey no complaints when the food tastes so good!!!

Paneer stuffs are so yummy :) Service ain't good :/

Place is very near by to my home, and I USD to be a regular walker into this hotel...... Initially, the taste was good, but moving on....... I donno what happened suddenly....... D maintenance has come down lane...... Food taste has come down too...... The place in underground used to be awesome..... But now it is stinking...... Perfect foodie can not accept these changes...... I gotta search for some other good one now.....

I have never visited this place.  It's always been home delivery.  The food delivered had always been hot and tasty. They also take customizations of food. The service is quick and prompt.

The food is really good, especially non veg. The ambiance is fine but the design scheme with their colourful sofas n cheap take cloth is very unappetizing. I never had a problem with service but my friends did.  I prefer home delivery (free up to 2km) so I can get great food and avoid all the above problems

its a very nice hotel very tesaty dilicious amazing we shoul try chicken hunan its so amazing for veg paneer manchuri i love it in nonveg gravy we shoul try butter chicken massala and in veg paneer butter masala

Just like any other goli vada pav outlets. The taste is alright. Masala and veg mix vada pav were good. They also serve different varieties of kulfi.

Not so authentic spicy goli vada pavs. They dnt add that spicy red powder which they used to add earlier, instead use tomato sauce. Although they attract crowd, they definitely are not the best ones. Their Kulfis are great though.

Must be one of those outlets where they sell maximum vada pavs n the cheese fingers. Major attribute to the fame is the crowd that turns up here everyday.. With lots of other eateries around all competitors have their good share of customers. The makai palak vada pav and bowring kulfi are the best.

Its like any other Goli chain, they are over priced for the cheap buns you get with a Wada, the whole concept is a rip off for such cheap food ingredients, the service is dumb slow and the people are sometimes arrogant and flimsy followed by a careless attitude.

Voda pav's are descent here but I was really surprised with the chats they sell ...best pain puri I have had in recent times ..bowring kulfi after chats would be delightful

This little joint is best for take outs. They take time however food is good. Specifically their butter paneer. Friendly and well behaved staff. Try home delivery. Quicker than take out it was.

Amazing food.... Best Chinese food that I have had in years... Would recomend this restaurant to my friends for sure....  ----- 15 Aug, 2013 ----- The best Chinese food that i have had in many years. Love the sweet corn chicken soup.....

Fantastic food to tease your taste buds. The momo's , bamboo rice, boiled rice with vegetables are few of my favorites. My son likes fish preparations too and always insists me to take him there once a week.

i like taipoo, itz very tasty.

This place has a great ambience and superb interiors. We ordered the tandoori chicken and it was served very nicely before the rest of the main course. There was lots of onion rings and lime, alongside was the spicy mint chutney. The tandoori chicken was juicy and well cooked. Then there was gobi manchurian and baby corn manchurian. The ingredients in both of them was crispy which made the taste even better. The gravy main course here is okayish. Nothing that you will put in mouth and feel and e...

I had been here for my dinner with co-workers. This place was recommended by one of my friends. The place has classy, vibrant and modern interiors. I am sure, every will love to dine at this place. When it comes to food, reasonably priced and ideally pocket friendly prices. I tried Mushroom Chilli - There were very few chilies in it and on top of it, the dish was too hard & crispy. Whereas, Veg Hyderabadi tasted like a Mix Veg curry with good spice level. By the time Chapathis were served on tab...

Abstract: Here to stay.   Ambience: You can't imagine a restaurant with such elegant decor in E City - from the lamp shades to furniture arrangements - everything seemed well planned.   Location: Right next to Chinmayee's. You can take the hint. Yes! Booze there and come here for good food.   People: Mostly college and office crowd craving for some delicious food.   Staff: Efficient and cooperative. In view of the demonetization, most restaurants were not accepting 500 and 1000 notes. Understan...

I have been to Volga for two to three times as it is closer to my office. You can North Indian dishes,its good but prices are little on a higher side compared to other restaurants in the same vicinity. Definitely can be visited to try something new.

This is perhaps the best restaurant in Electronic city phase 2. The food and the ambience is very good. Its pocket friendly if you go in a group. The Kerala paratha or as we North Indians say Lachcha Partha is a must try with any of the dishes.

I had been to two bagini n I just rate it 1. So when I went here for a quick team lunch I wasn't happy.   It looked liked any other bagini. Dull n dark. Ac works once in a while. The seats were comfortable.  We ordered french chicken, chicken lollypop, mixed veg starters n masala peanuts. Well masala peanuts was ok. Other items were good. French chicken was yummy that we ordered one more plate. But it was spicy.  Main course was Hyderabad chicken biriyani, butter naan bread, roti, romali roti wi...

Visiting this restaurant was accidental as it was afternoon and I was out of options for lunch as none of the restaurants were having lunch around 4 PM. So, I hopped in here and found that this restaurant was renovating, so can't comment on ambience at all. About the food, I had: Murg Dum Biryani, chicken 65. Biryani was well cooked and pieces of chicken were really tasty and were in good quantity too. Chicken 65, goodness me they made it well :) So, if you get a chance you can come here to eat,...

It is closed.

Good food . One of the best shawarma out here in Bangalore. The place is clean and seems hygienic. The staff is responsive and the owner is friendly. Also try their pulpy grape juice. Go for the Shawarma Rolls here.

It was sudden dinner and our nearest delivery restaurant was salt n pepper. Even though review was ok we took risk of ordering and it turned out to be v.good. Should try again and see if the taste is same.

Been to this restaurant numerous times as it is opposite to my office. Have tried almost everything from Stuffed parathas, Chicken Curry, Chicked Dry and Semi gravy Starters to the Rice dishes such as Chicken Fried rice, Schwan Rice and Chicken Biryani.  The Things I really like are Aloo Paratha, Sattu Paratha, Fish Curry meal, Plain paratha with Butter chicken/Hyderabadi chicken and Chili Chicken. However do not expect the highest level of Hygiene and good presentation of the food but its just ...

Not much to talk about this place. Cheap (cost wise) food with cheap ambience. The surroundings wouldn't matter to me if the food was amazing but my experience over here didn't exactly go that way.  Food wise overall it was okay except the paneer tikka which was a major let down. The paneer was rubbery and didn't taste good at all.  It's a very simple place tucked  on a backside pathway near TCS. It's definitely my first and last time at Aastha

Chinese and north Indian food are very good and a nice place also  Free home delivery is available it is located near two big IT companies they are TCS and Tech Mahindra.

Good place to have ur dinner or lunch if u r working with tcs or tech mahindra..

It was good. I ordered diwan special chicken and rumali roti. Both were above average. Price is pretty cheap also. Recommend for a short bite

Dont go on the name you will not able to discover a diwan out there. Its just the name. Here the main concern is the cleanliness and hygiene. They have very good spread menu for meat eaters. Veg eaters please step away nothing there for you apart from dal and aloo gobhi mutter. They have only soup that also has a very interesting name chicken hot & sauce I think it may be the printing mistake. Please opt for a take away as my humble suggestion. Because you will feel like not to go more if ...

You are at btm and if you have no options left call khana Mahal for a masala full meal. Lots of oil and salt and no sense of flavour. Fish fry is ok and all items are cheap.

Just a cross next to my office in BTM. 7th Main.  Kind of self service. But you got lot of chairs /tables to sit and eat.  First you need to take token and give to the counter. Wait for 10 minutes.  I chose Chicken Combo 2. Other than combo 1, they give a Veg Dry/Sweet. Mentioned 109 in menu. But it is 100Rs. Gave 500 and he was saying 'no change'. I showed my purse having only few 10rs note and few 500s. Later he gave the change (After food)  He asked me to choose veg fry. I said 'mix veg'. Chi...

Good place to hangout if ur a bachelor. Family is strictly a no no. Place is cool.. the food is not so great. Average kind.. portion is less. Hence over priced.

Pretty good for an afternoon chill (not sure about later on) for four or more. No females. Crowd is a bit rowdy and uneducated. Based on a garden, by an okayish lake and the best thing about this place is an elevated wooden shack in the middle. Do try that place.

Have been there twice at 4 seasons and both time it was good experience last time I ordered Hyderabadi mutton biryani I think they have one of the best biryani around here but somewhere it looks like they are underrated on zomato coz of some invalid reasons.

Zomato rating of 2.5 is not correct, today we had been for a team lunch. 429 for buffet is a very reasonable price and the quality was very good. Limited starters, main course and desserts but worth for the money paid. Strongly recommended. Service too Good.

Starters are awesome,main course is okay.ambience is good pocket friendly restaurant.must try bbq ,veg biryani is very bad.

The only near by restaurant open late night. Found help with this restaurant many a times when reaching back from office very late.

Hi this place is very spacious but the food was not bad.  We had ordered for parathas but they had only few varietys availabe during that time though we had been there on an afternoon.  Butter chicken was cold and Biryani was also been served cold. I really loved the service they were very friendly and they were very quick. I think I can rate this restaurant for their service.  They need to improve on the food and also make sure everything is served hot.

We oftenly visit this restuarant because this is nearby my college and economic as per a student's pocket, but not compromising cleanliness,quality and taste. Ambiance is not too good.                                     coming about food, they serve awesome tandoori rotis one of best in bangalore and it is made from whole wheat flour not maida as u get in other places. the gravies are also nice but my favorite is paneer kadhai it is made with perfection. Even parthas are nice,...

Tasty food typical Punjabi dhaba ambience n lovely aroma!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????

Located in a totally busy area but totally secluded from crowd. Yet, sought for and visited by many. Simple punjabi food with authentic serving. Have tried almost every item on the menu. The taste is very nice and like the gud they serve with every paratha. The punjabi thali is lovely.filling.sumptuous ! Sarson da saag is something one might not find in many restaurants these days. Lovely dish with makki-di-roti.  Few downsides- ambience needs to b lifted a little and the plates should b sterili...

Went there sat eve around 8 30 pm. POPULARITY INDEX There were about 10 other diners. GOOD SIGN  AMBIENCE Located in one of the back lanes of Majestic in Gandhinagar. Very congested area. You have to climb 3 floors of very steep stairs. Quite a hike. Mess type no frills atmosphere. Flat wood benches. VERY UNCOMFORTABLE. Not recommended for ladies or families.  CLEANLINESS Relatively neat and clean  SERVICE Quick efficient friendly. However it takes about 20 mins for the kitchen to make your orde...

After Shopping in Chickpet, we went for dinner in this dhaba. Food is awesome, ambience is not good, service was okay. We orderd makke di roti, laccha parantha, dum aloo and butter milk. The food tasted as good as home made food, makke di roti and butter milk was too good.

PANJABI DHABBA.. Tasty food....... Reasonable cost......... Good service............ But place doesn't look neat because of huge crowd................

Went here for dinner after office today. Ordered Special Butter Chicken and Phulka. The butter chicken was good with a bit sweet taste. And the Phulka also tasted like Homemade ones. Reasonable cost.

Sultans. Decent food - meagre portions - I mean, MEAGRE.   Good delivery time - 30 mins was all it took - now, looking at the quantity, makes me wonder - was it because the restaurant was empty?  Anyhow, since this was the first time after some months - let me try and order something different next time - not writing it completely off.

The chaats here are ok. Nothing great. Had ordered pav bhaaji. The pav was hard and seemed old. The masala puri was spicy, seemed they just added lot of chilly.

A good place for chaats. We usually visit this place for raj katori or katori chaat or lacka tokri (I'm not sure about the name). All of them are good and tasty. The quantity is also good.

I have been there and tried mostly breakfast. Idli vada, kesari bath...it tastes really good especially the sambhar. Dosas , I had it twice and found it bit oily ( you can see your hands shining)  thus it never went to third time, maybe they should try to make it with less oil. I have had noodles which is also upto the mark. One thing to mention is the TEA, which always tastes different , some time good other time not-so-good. If they want to make it a standard , they should take tea-preparatio...

visited once as it was near to my place and that was it, not a satisfying experience, ordered a Gobi Manchurian and it was really hard to fork on, roti and curry was okay, average Ambiance, average crowd, definitely not a Restaurant of my taste.

I visited here with one of my friend. They provide decent food. Also price range is ok. They have good seating space. Quick delivery. However I wont call it a place for fine dine, but you can have good food with your roommates or friends in a reasonable price.

I visited this place few days back with my folks for lunch. We ordered for Idli's, Masala dosa, Plain Dosa and Onion Rava Dosa. Idli's were extremely soft whereas dosas were crisp with loads of masala. The chutney and sambhar were good too. Service was decent !

Located right at the end of the TCS lane, this is one of the places you can eat, booze and relax when you are on the verge of being broke. It's divided in two parts. The first one is located beside the road, air conditioned place with a separate drinking bar, while the second one is underground, a little shabby for the regular drinks party.  Averagely priced, the food comes in sumptuous quantity. Okayish staff, not too friendly. Visited mostly by the office and college crowds in the vicinity,  i...

Its a very good restaurant in terms of the ambience. The food is a average. Try the north indian dishes as the Chinese dishes are a let down.

Visited this place many times to crack office lunch parties . Food is really good. Ambience is very average. Service is good. A budget restraunt to offer parties to friends and colleagues. This is worth visiting on luch with colleagues if your working in electronic city. Last but not least are there ice cream's. which every one liked. This place is little bit inside and off road.

This one is very close to my workplace, hence my weekend lunches are usually planned here. The food is here is good, nothing to complain or compliment. They have rightly priced their menu. The service is very quick. I am very fond of their ice creams. Triple sunday is the pick of many of my colleagues. A visit to this restaurant will not not be a disappointing one for sure.

Chinmayee's is a place where i always had a great time with friends. Foods are good as per the pricing. Ambiance is also good, aquarium at the entrance. Staffs are very generous. One of the best place where i hang around with my friends. You will get the drinks as well. They have a short and crisp bar menu which is a add on to the restaurant.

Delicious food and out standing service we have found in the restaurant ,and Nice place to go With Family.

This place is on MM Road, right after the turning from gk vale. The place looks nice and the parking space is a big issue.  The place is a typical south Indian joint,veg food. Probably for all the vada,idly,Dosa and meals would be preferred.  The place is pretty neat ,but the crowd is a but bad with the neighbouring shops. They has some decent good food.  Worthwhile. Nothing too great about the food or ambience that stands out.  A typical south Indian breakfast place.

Coming to this place since I was a kid. And now the place has been renovated making it more bigger than the older restaurant. I must say the idli and vada though it's a little expensive it's worth a try even the dosa as well. I give a 5 on the ambience and 4 for the food.

I like this place for occasional evening munch. The place is always ready with all the option & have never denied me on grounds of stock is finished etc. Serves in less than 10 minutes & in best of the forms. No regrets, no complaints. I would be happy to try this place again.

Ordered my food from here yesterday. The food was decent and good. This is good for light snack. Masala vada pav was spicy but good. Would certainly try again

I don't remember also , how many time i have visited the place. But writing the review first time..! :P :P This review purely on the taste basis , as there is no ambiance concept for the quick bites. As it doesn't have a proper sitting also. If you are lover of Paneer, please have Paneer Vada Pav(my favorite). For the spice lovers, Schezwan & masala will be good. I like the combination of vada pav with tea, I personally prefer take home concept for this quick bites.! :) :)

Maharaja Vada Pav with cheese - double thumbs up !!   Didn't try the chillies as it kind of scared me  Schezwan was good too  Next time when you think of stopping there, better eat it there itself coz you will definitely go for a second order..      Eatouts with <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-1498650" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/vignesh-raja-1498650">Vignesh Raja</a></span>.

All you need to do is get here and order the eastern diner mix grill steak. That is all you need to do. Especially if you're on a budget but craving some great food.  Also, personally I skip the karaoke nights.

This is one of my regular eating places that I just love. Great food  really recommend trying the Tingmo with any gravy (Chicken in Hunan sauce for me) and finish it up with a hot cup of ginger lemon tea. The other Chinese and Tibetian items are excellent too, great variety of items. This will continue to be my regular haunt for a long long time 

My favourite chicken lollipop destination. Peaceful place . There nevr use to be much of crowd. Dragon chopsuey is also my favourite.  Do try the momos . I love steamed once.

The Eastern Diner is a place pretty close to my heart ! I've been there a million times. I love it cause i like Tibetian Food.Period! The Momo's , the Shaptra , the Tingmo , the Mohktuk ( I'm sure i haven't spelled half these things right ) are eclectic. It's in a fairly central area , big place with loads of seating area ! They also have the normal steak burger and Chinese things , but i don't know if you go to a place called Eastern Diner and have normal food !  Go there and try it , the f...

Food: 3.5/5 Ambience: 3.5/5 Service: 4/5 Value for money: 3.5/5  We ordered for a plate of beef momo which was okay, a hot n sour chicken soup it was good, tingmo and shaptak which I dint like much.  I would not go back to the place on the basis of food but may be because it's located in a very easily accessible location.

My anytime saviour. I think I have everything here because I have visited this place so many times. It's a 5min walk from my home and offers a yummy thali at 60rs and the food taste is homely. Place Is very small so I Always prefer take away instead of dinning in.

I enjoyed the lunch here. I Had pav Bhaji and veg palav. It was really tasty.In starters I had ordered Paneer Chilli...It was Yammmm.....  My family had visited the same place as well, They also enjoyed eating noodles & Fried Rice.  A must try place.

Was in the Area for a Business meeting and looking for a homely veg meal. Being from Mumbai this caught my attention  LOCATION In Malleswaram on Temple street near Sampige and 10th cross.  AMBIENCE No frills dhaba with plastic tables chairs . Outdoor open kitchen you can watch as they Cook.  POPULARITY INDEX Relatively busy with a constant flow of customers at around 9 pm  CLEANLINESS Average  SERVICE Quick efficient  MENU Mainly a north indian veg thali place with some Chinese and lassi and Vad...

A small place near Asha Sweet Center. The place has the best phulkas and sabzi I have eaten outside of home. I had the Mumbai Special meals. The phulka sabzi was great, so was the rice. Kadhi and dal had too much of salt, but edible. Liked the chana masala too. They forgot to give the dahi bhalla and jamun but gave when I asked for it. The dahi bhalla was total crap seasoned with ketchup instead of the chutney and was watery. Average gulab jamun. Overall, great meal at this price.

ah! when you need to run on heavy fuel and you are low on moola or if the month end is nearing and you are around Brigade Road then you could consider this place.  Yes it's not the usual Bar which you can rate as 3/4 . Still a decent place for booze  and starters (selected few are good). Overall if you can scream & talk over the TV and other people around you I think you will manage the place.

It used to be a clean place but now is just dirty and LOUD. Still good for a drink or two with friends. God help you if you need to use their dirty toilets. The food is very average.

Very small place, food here is ok. Good enough to catch up  with friends for couple of drinks. Best part is food & booze are decently priced.

Amazing place to be at within an office environment!! Where u can chill over a cup of cappuccino with either ur colleagues or ur friends from different companies!!  Woohhh

Nice place to work out of with great ambience. Is on the main road and has wifi too. Nice place to have a chat or work out of. The food and drinks are also reasonable.

I'm a regular visitor too this CCD.I stay very near to this CCD.So when ever I feel like drinking coffee I will go to this CCD. Coffee machine at this outlet is not working fine since a week.So many coffees are just foams no liquid coffee in it.Guys fix it up asap  Irish Coffee will be best at this outlet  Avoid Mocha from this outlet  Ambiene-3/5

Its a small outlet - u need to walk to the counter to order and even to get menu card. Went today evening for light snacks - tandoori chicken sandwich (good), chilli cheese toast (OK), iced coffee (OK).

Went there for a friends birthday, a small north Indian joint infront of Kapoors cafe. Food was really nice. waiters were a bit unprofessional in there conduct. The sweet dish served in the end were disappointing though.

Good ambience.nice place. Looking like. Food wad good.But service is very let.i don't like it. Waiters no smiling no maintained the hizining.i not come again.

Nothing great but it was ok. A regular restaurant with good options when you are hungry. Ambience was ok and you should try their butter milk...

3.5 for the sarso ka saag and yellow daal. Both the dishes were jus amazing. Had mutton rogan gosht it was ok, the gravy was not so good. Paneer kulcha was awesome.

On of the best taste in Whitefield area. Must give a try to Paneer cheese tikka, sarso ka saag, Paneer Tikka Masala, Chicken Tikka ..Best with rate also.

Decent place like all other Domino's outlets. But the outlet here is very small, can only fit like 20 poeple at Max. The staff were very responsive.

The place only has dine in and take away. No home delivery available. The place has nearly 15 tables making it a bit cluttered.  The taste is pretty standard like any other dominos outlet but we found the pasta a bit dry and less creamy. The pizza was good as expected.  The service is great and the stuff are friendly. The place gets crowded on weekends.

Another eatery tried today, as my little niece was insisting for Pizza. I prefer Domino's over Pizza Hut. I like the cheese burst concept as well. Ordered one garden veg for her and one barbeque chicken for me. Always a satisfied customer of Domino's.

A non veg restaurant. A bit overpriced considering the quality and taste. Good service. Nothing great about food or taste of the food. Decent.

This is a small outlet. If you are going with a huge number, you all won't fit in.  Food varieties are very good. You should try buthai fry and bangda fry.it's delicious.

This s a small restaurant but they do have lot of varieties especially in chicken and fish.i like their biriyani very much and price also reasonable.rotti.parotta and fried rice all they have but they are not able to maintaining consistent taste.sometimes it will be good and sometimes will be bad.don't go with high expectations...

Visited this place after reviewing few review on zomato  for Saturday afternoon  lunch.Ordered fish thali, anjal masala fry. The fist thali was served with a sardine fish Mangalore curry, chicken sukka,  boiled rice, neer dosa and some vegies. The Mangalore fish curry was awesome . However I do not like sardine and left the same. The anjal fish masala fry was also worth the taste and price.Ambience 1 / 5 but cleanService 2 / 5 decent.Food 4/5 for fish. Chicken sukka and neer dosa was not up...

This is a small local restaurant and you will miss it if you don't know about it. The foods are lovely but not the place for your first date:-) unless if you want to impress your foodie partner. Whatever we order, we always enjoys it so we end up order a lot. I especially like prawn sukka and chicken sukka. Fish fry is very crispy and well cooked. Fish curry could be too fishy for some people but I like it especially with rice. Non veg tali is not bad as well. This place is worth the money. It i...

The fish dishes are good and the kalmi chicken ? is also good ?. I don't like the frenchie chicken ......... It's a very small place just next to biryani day ?

Food is good to survive. Certain fish dishes are good. Average ambience. Expensive pricing for services offered in fried fish category...

The lassi here is kickass man,its so chilled and the ambiance is worth the money.

Small cozy place. Though that it was a bad idea. But still we thought that we'd give it a shot. We ordered the food and it was ready in 30 minutes and oh my god the food was brilliant. If you're a veggie it's a must you try the paneer course!

good afghani chicken. the meals are quite small compared to a Punjabi meal and the food is costly. if you are a big eater then your bill will easily cross 500. the owner is friendly and they have home delivery also. had naan, tandoori ,afghani chicken , rajma and rice. the taste is very good and even though it weighs heavily on the pocket its still a good deal.

Visited this restaurant today ...its located right in the main road of uttarahlli next to dominos pizza.. It's a small restaurant with around 4 tables and self service. So large groups are not an option in this place .  Coming to the food I would first like to state this is not a vegetarian restaurant....trust me you wouldn't like the veg dishes here although they do have some options for vegetarians like roti , veg curry ,veg fried rice , veg noodles etc etc. It's a single kitchen for veg and n...

Busy place. If you walk in to eat, you'll be standing near the counter for at least 30 min during peak hours. Better call them, place the order and pick it up. Taste is good. Famous for their biryanis

Place is small but food was worth for 130, I had ordered for a combo meal, (2 piece wings, rumal roti, gravy with piece, briyani Rice, egg and two extra paratha), instead of sanitiser, I found a soap bar 

Calvins is a good place for some continental meal. Most dishes we tried were quite tasty and made us happy. Serving time is around 15-20mins which is decent. The cup cake was the only disaster, as the cake was quite dry and the cream was grainy. So, skip the cup cake and the dinner was lovely. Remember that parking is quite limited at times, so you may need to park in the streets behind.

We ordered one Chocolate cake for our friend's birthday party. Cake was really good, with good texture and taste. The cream was also good. I liked the packaging also.

Our saviour when it comes to birthday cakes, can think of no other place. Quality and hygiene is to notch ! Black forest cake is my favorite, blueberry cake comes second.

All birthday cakes always come from this place. Its located near our college, and it's easy to buy and celebrate with your squad! One can order pre hand, but also, they have cakes already baked ready to sell! You must also try their cookies and caramel custard! Love it!

This is one of those looks good from outside but just average inside kinda places!  Being a great fan of Calvin and Hobbes cartoon I was of the opinion that may be this is somehow linked or may be decor will have it but sadly nothing. Though this place is famous for its bakery we didn't try any.  Seating is both the side of the main building and we donated alot of our blood to the mosquitoes and even after complaining nothing came out of it.  Waiters took forever to serve and twice we only got ...

Irrespective of the n number of continental breakfast places that have opened, when you deeply crave something for breakfast, it's usually for some specific desi food. Today I was craving specifically for alu subzi and this is usually good in some of the small eateries or traditional sweets shops. So I went to Bhikaram and the items were just getting ready and they said puri subzi would be ready in 15mts but it was ready in 10mts. I had 3 hot puris with alu subzi. Since it was fresh, tasted ...

Went with hope of having mouthwatering rajasthani food but food was not upto the mark. Pavbhaji Anf Aloo paratha was good.  Aloo tikki was not good.  In Mini meal Chapathi was good but Veg Gravy was not good.  Rasmalai was too bad. Overall if you want to have amazing rajasthani food, this is not the place.  Not Satisfied.

One of the famous places in jayanagar. Have visited this place so many times. The chaats are really tasty with a quite reasonable price. Worth visiting.

Hot Chips!   I think this is the only place in Jayanagar which has never changes since ages, I'm seeing and visiting this place since I was kid.  They have a traditional and secret recepies for the costumers, to mouth satisfy us.  They have Chats, Rolls, Sweet Corn, Gol Gappa, Softie and some Desserts too.  A decent place to hangout with friends when you are shopping in the locality. They don't have proper seating facilities.

Its a decent place with no tables or chairs. There chats are good (especially the veg. roll) The vada pav is just terrible. The softy with brownie is amazing.

Loved their no frill burgers and cutlets, seems like they have changed the deco, hope the food is still the same. Served tikia & chole samose which was good. The potato chips they served was excellent. Mini Pizaas was great too.

I have been visiting this place for years for an evening snacks.. The Pav bhaji, samosa and kachori masala are excellent here.. The only reason avoiding this place is due to the crowd and no seating place..

This place is good for biryani and tandoor items ambience is not that much attractive...chicken murg musalam biryani is nice and grill chicken is also nice.....

Great boneless chicken ! Good place for a quick bite ! Have been here often .dont forget to try their special chicken roll ! Ull be surprised by the blend of flavours in one single roll 

Visited this outlet many times with friends, Had good service.....5/5 Food 5/5 Environment 5/5 Ambience 5/5 Staff's were friendly and treated us great

Very happy with the service and great experience to be there along with family...  It was crowded but still service was good and food was on time to our table

Went with my family to have dinner @ hsr layout pizza hut I had great experience and pizza was delicious and service was speed and good nice hospitality..................

I visited pizza hut at hsr layout.  I went with my friends i feel comfortable and I enjoyed a lot's and I ordered pizza it's was delicious amazing service good ambulance.................

Had visited to this pizza hut  . I ordered king size meal for 6 which was comes with 3 med pizza and 3 starters and  6 drinks meal awesome service was good nice staff..............

Now closed :(

Love the milkshakes and smoothies! The snacks have a huge variety and are all yumm!

For a guy like me, who spends a lot of the weekends on the open national highways, CCDs are a boon, good beverages and hot food on the road are like heaven, but within city limits, they become kinda sad,  not to mention cliche' . So what do you do for your fix of hot beverages and a good long evening, you come down to Gloria Jean's . While there are a lot more cafe's in Bangalore, which are arguably better and cosier than this, something like art blend cafe in HSR, this outlet holds its own wit...

Nice ambience and service but too costly..I went at 8am in the morning, they were opened but end up paying 600 for 2 having coffee and muffins. If you don't mind spending and in mere urgency of a place for breakfast and hangout then just go for it..

just an awesome place 2 hang-out...

Bad luck or good luck ,Leelas kitchen get into shifting mode .and its location get shifted .its three time we saw them shifting the location.  wherever they move ,we hunt for them and dine in with family. appam , puttu ,veg stew,and every fish item is too good here .  Hospitality , at its best by owner . very humble and he makes you feel at home.  Ambiance can be ignored when it comes to warm hospitality .    This is our permanent place for Kerala food . very good food . there thali is major a...

A good place if you want to enjoy a simple/good meal at a reasonable rates. The restaurant owners are really hospitable and great place to go to if you have an appetite for Keralite or simple coastal cuisine.

A frequent visitor to Leela's kitchen, decent price and good quality food. The owner always welcome with a smile, we will get appam and all non veg dishes which we keep us satisfy with the money we pay. Unfortunately banaswadi Leela's kitchen is stopped now. Probably they would have started somewhere else as the owner informed they have plan's to start up in kalyan nagar area.

Perfect to fill an empty stomache with tasty meals nd other dishes, watever i ate here even sometimes nonveg at d least bills i ever had in bangalore... gud one fr everyday lunch or dinner...

On a personal level, there is absolutely no way I can avoid writing a review for this place. I've been here countless times for brunch on weekends and the owner has always welcomed me with much enthusiasm.  You'll find many people here for lunch meals. But I come in when the place is empty and uncle has time to sit and chat while I devour the soft, warm appams and chicken masala. For lunch, try their assorted fried fish (matthi is my personal favorite) and Kerala meals.  This is one of the rare ...

Very Good Veg Food.. Quality Food, Quantity s Superr. Price s very Less.. very Good Choice for a frequent Visitor Economical....

A decent place for fast foods. Seating area, though limited, is a good plus.

Service is bit late but taste wise it's nice!! Go give it a try.

This Hotel is not a family restaurant.  Not so clean and tidy. Service is not bad.  Food quantity is quite OK and even the taste is fine.  Cost is reasonable.  Had Kabab which is average. Biriyani is good.  Porotta and roti's are quite OK.  Pepper chicken is very good.  Anyone wanted to have Non-Veg with budget and wanted to have lot of items without bothering ambiance and set up - right place.

Good in grills ans kebab, ghee rice is also very good. Waiters are very rude

The food is great! The Bangers and Mash is a must try! It is delicious and wholesome and the sauce is absolutely yummy! The Greek Salad is good too!

Awesome party. Ambience is just awesome!! I have heard a lot about their Sunday brunch. Would definitely go to try that. As far as my experience this place is quite good!

The place I can never forget . Went for Sunday brunch & forgot track of time. Roof top with music, food & drinks. Nothing can be better than this. Cocktails like Tom Collins & Long Island iced tea are good. Will surely go there again.

Tried New combo which includes two separate pan pizzas and potato chops with mayo sauce with garlic bread...ssly its more den enough to serve two....taste remain the same and compared to other pizza resto I love this more....

This outlet is situated on outer ring road in JP Nagar. The outlet is situated on the ground floor of the building with a very a few tables and chairs. They have few offers which is reasonable. Though the food here is reasonably good, the place is not kept clean. Service is on the slower side.

Quick service and you will always find seats.   Could have been maintained a tad cleaner and better.   For Hygienic reasons PHD should avoid the delivery crew gathering and chatting etc in the Kitchen, which should be restricted to the kitchen staff.

So it was a take away and that too late night. The staff was quiet friendly and they helped me with whatever means they could. The pizzas were slightly burnt and the place is quite shabby. The next corner dominos will be a better option.

I have been eating biryani from palki for over a year and it tastes same most of the times...it's not the best biryani but it's a good biryani... It's light on the pocket too... But of course it's always best to get the food early...sometimes it tastes weird if you take biryani late...

Ive been here many a times ... Have tried their chicken biryani, ,mutton biryani,hyderabadi dum biryani, gobi nd mushroom manchurian, chicken kebabs, pomfret fry , lemon chicken ,nans, butter chicken, mushroom curry and some other .. Loved all of them . And will still go there whenever i crave for some indian cuisine nearby college. Food has good quality. The restaurant is a small place with 5 tables . And unlike same type of restaurants this place has a decent hygiene . And ur order always come...

Actually there's nothing much to say about this place. It's a neat, small north Indian restaurant with reasonable pricing and pretty fast home delivery (maybe coz I live nearby). Food here is decent, lil bit oily I must say but overall its good.

Palki Family Restaurant is located in the by-lanes of Banashankari 2nd stage, near BDA complex, just by the side of Casablanka, in the lane opposite to Cafe Coffee Day. It serves North Indian, Chinese and Coastal Indian food. The place is small, looks shady from the outside, but isn't all that bad once you step in. Runs with 5-6 tables which are decent enough without being extravagant.   Being a small place, the service is usually taken care of by the manager and his assistant. Your order hardly...

thanks for buying me dinner <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-1342979" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/syamkrishna-ps-1342979">Syamkrishna Ps</a></span> .Your  generosity overwhelms me!! Its a very small pocket friendly, student favourite hotel.  About ambience: OH cmon!!just eat and leave :p  They have hardly 4 tables.  Actually we ordered Drums of heaven, chicken manchurian, kulcha,butternaan and chickenRara.  Drums of heaven was juicy. I would love to eat it again.  chicken manchurian: ...

What you do when you are out for an unplanned dinner without having any place in mind? You land up at these kind of places with mixed feelings. Same was our condition and once we entered we also had mixed feeling as didn't see anyone in the restaurant, but yeah saw few for take away. So, with strong heart we proceeded and placed the order for Gobi Manchurian, Chicken Methi and tandoori paratha (here tandoori paratha is like laccha paratha made of wheat). The food was decent, gobi manchurian was ...

Unplanned dinner on an unplanned weekday is what got us here. We weren't looking for anything fancy so were roaming around Whitefield area looking for a decent place to eat. You shouldn't look for ambiance if u want to visit this place. It's a normal set up and we were actually surprised as there was not a single soul dining there...got us a little worried about trying the food! Nevertheless we thot of eating here anyway.  We thus ordered for Gobi Manchurian, tandoori parathas and methi chicken....

The tandoori items are good. This is not a place where you come to have a fine evening with your dear ones. More of a place for takeaways or to have food to fill your tummy.Their biriyani is equally decent. However the paneer and chicken gravy dishes all tastes somewhat similar.And the rates are also a tad high.

Very normal restaraunt, zero ambience and had a nasty smell nearby by kitchen. Seems like a well planned and maintained restaraunt gone bad. Ordered mutton Briyani, tandoori chicken, ghee rice, roti and mushroom Masala. Unbelievably taste was all good and very much light on budget hardly costed around 600 for four people.  Recommendation If you want cheap food with zero ambience you can try this place.

Ordered once to Office..... Pretty decent food..... Not to heavy on the Pocket.... Roti could have been a lil better I guess.... a lil delay in delivery too....

No need of anyone's review for dominos.they r simple the best. Cheese burst pizzas are must try for anyone. I love the way they maintain their quality over the years. Sole reason for my weight gain is dominos. Still i love to go again.

I know nothing can beat dominos cheese burst. The cheese oozing outta pizza is jus soo yummy.. Stuffed garlic bread is one more favorite from this place.. This is undoubtedly the best place for pizza

We have always ordered home delivery from here. My bro loves the cheese burst pizza. Like always we ordered the following items: Garlic bread with cheese dip: love the combination of both Veggie paradise pizza: it was cheese burst pizza. If you love lots of cheese then cheese burst is for you. In this one my fave topping are olives and red paprika.  Mexican green wave: it was a classic hand tossed pizza. I like this one coz it has my fav jalapeno.   All in all it came up to 1k+. The tax on the ...

This place is next to new briyani mane, huge problem of parking, where almost all the vehicle of domino's HD(home delivery, will be filled,taste is same as other outlet, but, ambience is ok, base is ready made, not the Base which is going to prepare as jayanagara outlet, and they take max 20min to give....

Yumm Yumm Yummm...!!  Awesome food, good ambience, easy to find, great service, a lot of options.   I recently was looking for a good place to satisfy my appetite with some tasty royal food and eventually stumbled upon this restaurant. Staffs are co-operative and humble. Excellent good and excellent hospitality.  I specially loved Paneer in this place. They were like cotton soft which melted like butter in your tongue. The taste of the food stays for long and we all felt satisfied when we walk...

Awesome food,great service,hospitality of waiter's is too good but if u love north indian food with onions as a added advantage then plz get it from ur home coz these guys dont serve u onions instead they serve u with cucumbers nd tomatoes

Yay! My go-to place when I'm feeling down. Also when I'm feeling good have tried almost everything and nothing has disappointed me so far.

Ibaco is always my favorite for Ice cream cake but little disappointed when I heard that they have removed Rajbhog ice cream cake this time. Apart from this everything is just wow.

Been here for the first time with friends last evening...tasty icecreams....but little costly.........however enjoyed the taste...its natural flavour and very tasty........

I had tried out the ice creams thanks to the well created ad campaign... Had been to ibaco on numerous occasions.... Taste wise I don't feel disappointed but the pricing and weighing policy seems a bit odd especially at malls... Well at btm I found at peace as the store was empty and could enjoy it bit by bit.....

Well, i guess i am one of the most visiting customers of this restaurant. I spent 3 years of my college days in yelhanka, and used to go there at least 3-4 times a week. The ambience is good for a budget  restaurant waiters are polite.  Food used to be above average here. Some items like gobi manchurian, chilli chikcen used to be very good. They took some time to deliver the dishes, specially when it is crowded, they took forever. But still this is one of the best restaurants in yelhanka, so no ...

The taste of the food does not justify their prices!..its costly..the only reason to go to this place is if u are planning on a family dinner!..cuz the ambience is better than other restaurants in yelahanka!..

Absolutely awesome cakes, each cake that is so delicious. Whether it's the fruit cakes or the chocolates! Yummy! Best cakes that you can imagine, delivered to you at your request.  Super!

We ordered a chocolate truffle cake, the delivery and follow up was prompt.  Definitely delicious, definitely  worth reordering and definitely worth spreading the word.

This place is amazing for cakes, It is one of the finest bakeries.  The options are decent with some really good quality and quantity.! This is one of my favorite places and I would recommend it to everyone.

Ordered a cake from here for a friend's birthday and damn that was delicious !! Though I am not a big fan of desserts, I was taken aback by the quality and taste of the cake. The best thing I liked about the cakes is that the sweetness in the cake is ideal. Its not too sweet to make you feel like you've had enough in a bite!  Another reason I like their cakes is that they serve really good cake for the price charged. The mixed fruit cake we ordered had ample amount of fruits unlike what I have h...

Gol-guppa or pani-puri was not one of my favorites among chat items. but, thanks to Guppa Street, it now is.  I was lured to try them when they advertised of the many flavors, especially the chocolate one. i was a skeptic and wanted to just try it.  All the flavors are awesome. i especially love the special dahi flavor but i usually order their guppa meal which has one gol gappa with each flavor and the special dahi and then chocolate flavored golgappa (with crushed oreo biscuits) as a dessert. ...

Have tried panipuris in many places, but trust me, this is the finest one!Amazing concept of flavored golguppas, chilli garlic flavor being the best!They also serve a delicacy called Choco blast! This is indeed the best!!A Must try place!

Finally Bangalore gets an authentic North Indian touch A must try for hygiene freaks craving for chaats. Do have a Guppa Meal to get a taste of all varieties.  Easy on Pocket, Great in the mouth , good on health.:)

Amazing Gol guppa's with different mind blowing flavors. Specially Choco-blast and Dahi blast :)

Really Out Of the world Panipuri experience iv ever had "A true genius to come up with the idea of flavours in a gol guppa" My personal favs are chilli garlic and mast meetha!! truely the hygienic pani puri place iv been looking for!!!

The wraps which I ordered was awesome but very bad delivery and then don't even consider the feedback of customer. I ordered cheesy corn salsa wrap that was awesome and panner tikka pav that was also nice.

Super fast delivery! Tasty wraps!  I am still wondering why it took so long for a person like me to order from Faasos! It's a nice start-up that delivers some really good food.  I ordered a Double Cheeze Meatball Wrap and a Chatpata Egg Wrap. Both the wraps were very good in taste. I would say that the Double Cheeze Meatball Wrap was one of the best I had. Absolutely delicious and mouth-watering. Quality was also very good and they provide you an option to customize the wrap as per your taste, l...

Not very happy about dis joint. True it's economical AF. And has got varieties but the taste is not much great. My perspective. Have tried the chicken roll, paneer and channa one. Paneer roll was better compared to others. Again True that this is economical for sure. Yet not interested at all to visit again .

I have tried few wraps (rolls) from this outlet, actually I ordered, it was really good. But I found the price little more as compare to other such outlets like freshmenu, box8. Taste was good and I liked the masala which was given with rolls.

I generally prefer the rolls/wraps. They are pocket friendly and delicious.  It's one of my favourite evening snack.  They have never disappointed me.  Will try the other items soon and hope to have a tasty journey ahead

This place was on my wish list since past two months, Alas!! I took some time out from my schedule to have some good tea,since this place has great reviews  Tiny shop,selling varieties in tea,coffee Great location,perfect for college goers and youngsters (iam one of them ;) )  Honestly Tea didn't appeal me the way I expected it to,it's not something extraordinary, but indeed much better tea than what we find in Bangalore  Staff is super busy working on the orders,its fun seeing them working hard...

A great place for some tea. Went there after seeing the ratings on zomato and was not at all disappointed. They do have a variety of tea with some stea snacks. The lemon tea was awesome.. in case you are that area and would like to have tea do try out this place.

Brilliant variety of tea, fantastic quality and value for money. Lemon pepper tea cured me of a sore throat, lemon ginger cured me of my cold and the plain lemon tea of well, boredom in life. The samosa here is super yummy (not made in a quintessential South Indian style), the biscuits and nippattu - always warm and fresh and just the right amount of sugar and spice, the murrukku (chakli) can be given a miss - nothing to write home about.

Just love their different varieties of Tea especially the  back ones,  my favourite is honey pepper black tea!  And ya it goes well with their samosas and Muruku :)  Oh their badam milk is also worth giving a shot!

Best tea shop near tippasandra. Flavour teas at its best. Hibiscus is my favourite n samosas . I would recommend to all. 

One will feel light and nice even after their full-course thali. When they mention no artificial colours, baking soda, maida.... they mean it. Like their focus on 'wellness' - attached to the restaurant is a yoga studio and a spa. Must try their chaat house.

during my recent trip to bangalore, I visited Vriksh for lunch (reference from a friend), and I found the place so amazing that I ended up having 4 meals at Vriksh during my 5 day stay at Bangalore.  The atmosphere here is very homely and all of my visits are memorable.  The whole concept is so amazing. The Low Oil quality food served here is just what we look for when we are away from home. The food is prepared and served with love and I could feel that in its taste.   I could know that all the...

Been there a couple of times myself and extremely happy on the Service and Quality, Jus Recently happen to take my NRI friend who is back in india after 20yrs or so, Initially he was skeptical about having food outside except for 5* restaurant, However after being convinced by me, He tried the menu and was amazed by the quality and friendly atmosphere. Since then he always makes it a point to visit Vriksh if he is anywhere close to Yelhanka. Pricing ofcourse is so low for the kind of quality, Am...

Vriksh is to Yelahanka what Shakespeare was to literature. Quintessential. Game-changing. Memorable. Here's a place where you can expect caring service, delectable food and an ambiance that reminds you of a happy dream. Making money is not their primary objective, so expect unbelievably low prices. I love Yelahanka for its green solitude. Now, I also love it for Vriksh.

Extremely homely. Lovely staff who make your visit totally comfortable and memorable. The food is made with good health in mind primarily. And not sacrificing on the taste either.

Simply amazing food and equally good service. Our experience was made perfect by exceptional service from Janardhan who gave us recommendations for good dishes, was very prompt in service and took care of several modifications we requested. Must visit place for all Italian and continental food lovers!

Service was really nice and attenders behaviour was really welcoming and warming. Ambiance also was nice and soothing. The food was amazing and had a nice Italian touch to it.

A fine place for a fine evening. Every item in the menu is thoughtfully prepared and is perfect...I specially live their stuffed chicken breast.... The people at the restaurant are very polite and caring...

This outlet of mangii is really good !! Far better than the orion outlet. Pizzas are a must try here. Sangria is also nice but cocktails are just average.

Great Pizzas - try the greek pizza, good service, location adds a lot of value to the place. Nice place to have a chat over dinner.  Ps - good music :)

Itz a very good restaurant I found near my place.. all food ll b very tasty dosa chutneys, North Indian, n kaaju pakoda cream roll bun itz very yummy  sweets pastries ll b fresh always totally good for all time breakfast lunch n dinner. Good service n parking is d problem overall love dis Agarwal bavan.

I guess one such decent hotel on the tumkur road . We had ordered a meal the taste was good,the service is very prompt. The hotel is on the service road can't make out easily. Problem with the parking issue . Itll be crowded most of the time . Would recommend to visit this restaurant

If you are a lover for North Indian dishes, then this the hotel you must visit. I liked the tawa breads with an awesome paneer butter masala with some masala papad. . They have variety of curries, choosing one is a mind trickster.But pricey compared to others. A meal for 2 will shoot 800 Rs,  especially if you take lot of breads

Very..................................................very.........................noise..............................we dint enjoyed...............

This places is usually crowded, and the mezzanine floor is too congested for my liking. The food is average. We have mostly ordered take always from here. The cakes are amazing

One of the restaurants that serves breakfast all day. even if you go at night and order pancake you will get it. we recently went there at night when one of my friend craved for pancakes at that time. we ordered pancakes and cheesy chicken omelet. the serving boys are always ready to explain the details of the dishes. even if their service is brisk, they never interrupt. then we started ordering some hotdogs. the hotdogs was okay, nothing exceptional, but the french fries that accompanied with t...

I guess I went at a bad time. There was no electricity so I missed some of the food.

The food's good and fast. And if you're getting bored waiting for food, there's board games, and you can play your own music!  A very cozy place with wonderful staff, reasonable prices, and food that's hard to find otherwise. I love their omelettes.  This is a place I expect will innovate, try out new things in their menu. And that's something I long for in Bangalore restaurants. That could help restaurants survive longer in the competition.  They also have a foosball table.

Mouth watering burgers and other American fast food...must try if you are in the HSR Layout area...

Awesome food. My first time at this nice place. Good ambience, decent crowd, reasonable prices. Will come again.

This Bar n Restaurant has been up for quite a long time now! One of the place which has been a dinner venue for our family on the long run too.  If Chalukya/Samarat hotel seems a bit too lousy n crowded for you the next stop would be this place, right beside it.  Ambience is apt like any regular bar restaurant.  Food: North Indian, Chinese and Continental are good. Just perfect for what you pay n come looking for.  Must try: Gold coin, ALampur biriyani, all the Indian breads n main course are gr...

Located within the Chalukya Hotel, off Race course road, this too was our  favorite destination for Chinese food. The food was good by all standards and had a touch of the Kolkata-style Chinese food. Portions were generous & price too very reasonable, considering the quality & type of restaurant! Been there on a number of occasions & is yet another nostalgic place in Bangalore! But haven't been there of late!Last visited a year & a half ago!

Restaurant is in the basement next to Chalukya. It looks to be frequented by many political workers given its proximity to Vidhana Souda. The food is good, the ambience a little dingy. The service is not the best in the industry but one can get by. The Chicken Curry meal, pepper chicken, andhra style chilli chicken and veg meals are possibly the stars on the menu. I would definitely stay away from any fish served here as we ordered once and found that it was not fresh at all. The price of food h...

Located at the escalator entrance of SBC station. It's a decent non veg restaurant. Cheap and average taste. I tried chicken masala, kadai chicken, chicken fried rice and chicken biryani. Biryani is bad, garvy chickens are ok. Gravy is not that good but chicken pieces are tasty. Fried rice is good. Give it a visit if u don't want to go far from station.  Ambience-2.5/5 Value for money-3.5/5 Quality of food-3/5

This place, which is suppose to be a franchise of the Famous restaurant of the same name from Ludhiana is a whiff of fresh air for the people who want to have a authentic north Indian food without shelling out a fortune for it.   The restaurant clearly lacks  in the department of hygiene and ambience and have a poor service. But they do make it up with very tasty north Indian food, especially butter chicken, chicken tandoor, Afghani chicken tandoori & Cream Chicken. And this is a very good optio...

Lot of people might find this rating unrealistic but that is because they have tried wrong things in Chawala. I belonging from delhi practically ate all my chicken from Chawala. There it is more famous as chawla chicken. I urge all the non veg foodies to try the north Indian chicken cuisine and you'll not be disappointed. Speciality - butter chicken.

Good food boring place    Expensive  for what the place has to offer  No crowd yet staff were not really attentive. Saturday night and hardly any people. Music was good. We has sizzlers, pulav and pasta they tasted average.

Huge place.we went for lunch around 3pm and it wasn't crowded. They have a nice dining area apart from the pub area, which is good for people who don't like the loud music. Ordered the dragon chicken, chicken tikka and the dal makhni with roti. Everything was good. Service was top notch....would definitely visit again....

It's a place where the DJ plays mostly for himself as hardly there is anyone around. It's got good potential though. The food is unassumingly good. The place is not that big enough. Since it mostly has less people hanging around, the service is good.

What can i say apart from the fact that i love this place for every time i ve been there!  While some of them can do better some are brilliant. I especially love the dahi puri and the samosa chat. But anything with the mattar and aalo  i don't think they get it quite right. But forget everything and go for the lassi.  It is so good. But most of all good service and its tiny so you might not always find place to sit. It is a big big big value for money. The only issue is you might not exactly spo...

they door-deliver your order. but you need to be patient till you get it.  91  9379420774 <switched off> 91  9900283838 <busy>

Hopped in here for a quick bite. Nice small space. Found it pretty crowded. Had two varieties of chaat - samosa chaat (Rs 50) and Khasta Kachori Chaat (Rs 50). Both the chaats tasted kinda the same!!! Had a plate of Chicken Kaati Kabab too (Rs 100). The kababs - ten small pieces in all - were fine but they were mixed up with a Chinese-tasting veggies - onions, capsicum, etc. A bit oily too. The portions are kinda small but then the prices are not too heavy. It's also a nice place to just get in ...

Went here with some old friends last weekend. We were all quite excited to meet each other and enjoy some good chaat!  We first ordered a samosa chaat to share and demolished it pretty quickly! My friends ordered Kesar Lassi, while I decided to stick to water.  I then ordered a Chicken Egg Roll and my friends had Mattar Puris, which was served with aloo saag. The Mattar puris were really matter-y! Something I didn't like much and the aloo saag wasn't that great either. I liked the roll I had ord...

Dear Ashima, The Chaat Shop is located below Costa Coffee. You can find it on your right hand side when wlak in to Church Street ahead, right after Maya Hotel.

One of the most iconic darshini near rama Krishna ashrama . I have been visiting this place since many many years ! After a jog at lalbagh this was my alternate to vidyarthi bhavan! .  Coming to food I have eaten almost all the south Indian dishes here ! And they are all really good!   1.idly vada - I really love their samber , the hot fresh samber in the morning is heaven for me! The idly is soft and the vada have adequate size and are not oily !. 2.masala dosa - the dosa is very pretty famous ...

Just a little before Ramakrishna Ashram Circle SLV corner restaurant is located on Vani Vilas Roas. There are two outlets located opposite to each other. One side you have the fast food, quick food option where you stand on the footpath and enjoy your breakfast, other side you have the restaurant with seating facility. Slv serves delicious breakfast but is not consistent on the taste. Soft idlis, crispy dosas are served with tasty chutney. Sambar served is amazing. I just love the sambar here. T...

Been here umpteen times Specialists in South Indian food.. Nice place to visit with your family and friends  Avoid on weekend evenings this place is crowded

I had been to this place couple of times, certainly a great place for South Indian dishes. Dosa and chutney tastes really authentic here. Channa Batura is just mouth watering. Overall worth visiting restaurant though its not wallet friendly, south dishes are definitely overpriced. But I would recommend this place for some good tasty south indian food .

Been visiting this place since a really long time. It's gone from being clean to not-so clean.   Food - great! No complaints. Every dish you order will almost never disappoint you.   Ambiance - not nice. Unless you choose the Ac hall. Even ac hall is not so spacious. Can provide better ventilation on the ground floor.   Cleanliness - I think a lot of attention needs to be paid here by the management. 2/3 times that went here, the plates and cups were not very well cleaned. Has stains on it. Ther...

Another must visit place in bengaluru for brilliant idlis and masala dosa . This is an age old place famous for their crispy masala dosa and fresh idlis , the vada was not really great in all the things we ordered . If your looking at fine dining experience this is not the place ,the place is a bit run down but the food makes up for it ....Cheers

This is one life saving place near my house!!! If you have missed breakfast and hungry Idly Vada would just do the miracle... For lunch Lemon Rice, Dosa and Roti Curry had always been my favourite... I am not really fond of there Polau and sandwich...  the chatni and sambar is great :) cheap price :) good food and quick service...this place also maintains there hygiene...Happy Eating:)

SLV is a household name in Karnataka and with so many restaurants under the same name, you need find one which serves good food. I would not rate this place too high as there are umpteen number of places in Bangalore which serve better South Indian delicacies, and in search of better breakfast, I would say they need to struggle much more to come close to likes of MTR, SN, Veena, Brahmins, CTR.   We had Idly which was very soft and it was almost melting in mouth. Sambhar was a big disappointment....

The typical South Indian breakfast! Apart from Kesari Bhatt, i relished everything! We ordered for rava idli, masala dosa, plain dosa, chowchow Bhatt and bisibelle bhatt. Nothing disappointed us. However, they didn't have rava dosa.   Food:4/5 Service:4/5 Taste:4/5 Cleanliness:4/5 Ambience:3/5

This was in my bookmarks like for years as it is recommend to be must try dosa joint in Bangalore. Finally made a visit.  It has more of darshini kind of ambience where crowd just flows and waiters will be spy agents working fast and not giving damn to people .  Coming to food, Masala dosa was crisp and tasty but couldn't say it as best of Bangalore. Maddur vade and filter coffee are decent enough.  The showstopper was kharabath, yummy, soft and had a unique taste.   Overall  liked this place ea...

The best authentic Hyderabad style food restaurant here in and around r t Nagar. Almost all the vegetarian and non vegetarian food items are good and worth a try.

nice place for those from andhra  mainly meals ,tastes really good ......   prestige - feel the  taste like home

good biriyani in fair price..hope they keep this kind of quality in the future too..one of the best in rt nagar area..

The place looks amazing. It's on the top most floor of the hotel and is very spacious.  My friends and I went on a weekday, so we didn't find anyone except ourselves there.   The food is okay. I reached a little late, at which time only Chinese cuisine was being served, so I didn't get to taste the other cuisines here. While the food is nothing exceptional, it tastes fine.  The staff service however is extremely slow. So I hope they improve on that front.

Very nice place this considering the locality its in. Good place to have a couple of drinks and spend some time. They have few starters which were good. The cocktails here were very good. Tried few of them. Definitely worth visiting that place if you are looking for any place to have a drink in that locality.

A very good place for gathering with friends. very nice ambiance. Food is good, quality and quantity of the food is good. good service.... .

Nice Upper deck, Was very happy to be in Beetle, service is good, nice happy hours offer with a big screen to watch T20 cricket world cup.... Manager Surendar naik was customer oriented and very friendly in nature.. Definitely want to visit again....

Hi  This is a very good restaurant and the food served is very good. However i have observed that few of the employees there are ( young boys of the age ( 10 -12). Would like to suggest that instead of making them work , if we could do the needful to send these boys back to the school ( I would like to volunteer for the same)it would be wonderful. Athithya is a restaurant which is doing really good, lays down and example for other restaurants, however the above case is something which might effe...

This restaurant has recently opened and I have been visiting many times there.. everytime I feel like this is unexplored place in the main city and usually only couple of family sitting there.. My experience with the restaurant has been very good so far..what I like was 1) Service 2) Food Quality & Quantity 3) Very Reasonable Price 4) Near to my Home 5) Nice Ambiance  Did not like 1) Earlier the North Indian Chat was very good but now a days it is becoming an awkward taste - Chat with Ragda.. :-...

I have visited a lot of Shanti Sagars, Shiv Sagars, Krishna Sagars and all their 'New'er versions and the one main problem with them all is their questionable hygiene.   The Shiv Sagar on Gandhi bazar road is however completely different. It is a nice place for a sanity dinner and is not even heavy on your pocket.   Their thali is good. So are the North Indian curries with Indian breads.   It is one of my favourite food joins in neighbourhood where I end up going every now and then.   Food - 3.5...

I'm a regular customer here, and their tomato soup be the best! They have tasty starters and great north Indian thali. They always keep up their quality of food.

Ratings out of 10-  1.Cost-8.5/10 2.Ambience-7/10 3.Service-8/10 4.Food-7.5/10 5.Overall-8/10  Location: This restaurant is located at the end of the Gandhi Bazaar road in Basavanagudi. There many other eateries like Roti Ghar, Vidyarthi Bhavan, A2B, etc. that are around this restaurant's perimeter. The road is bustling all time, everytime and hence it is kind of hard to find a parking place in this area, but other than that, great location. This restaurant is definitely giving competition to ot...

This is one of those places where you may not even think of having Continental/Mexican Food, but trust me, they serve excellent Continental/Mexican Food like Spinach au Gratin, Vegetable au Gratin, French Onion Soup & so on.  Their food in general, including Chinese items like Fried Rice is excellent apart from the standard South & North Indian Fare. Do try their Onion Rings too!

Have been to this place countless number of times..... The best place for north Indian food in the area.... Sizzler and white sauce pasta are my favorites.....

Been there for 2,3 times,  good ambiance. A mild music will be a additional point to this restaurant.  Waiting time is little bit high,  food taste and Quality of service are good

Good one. Had a nice ambience. Dim lighting. A better place to dine in with your family. The Asian food is very good. Located at very busy road. The breakfast spread was quite good. Worth the visit.

Very decent ambience, shorba's we started with was good along with starters, satay and murgh. Biriyani could have been better. Service was good too.

The ambience is awesome. The breakfast buffet was also really good. They had almost south indian based menu and few salads and few fruit punches. The service was the icing on cake. Its on ground floor at  Springs Hotel and Spa.

Fantastic Experience so far in the city of Bengaluru. Been to few expensive restaurants around the city but the quality and price is unmatchable here.  Likes: very spacious, friendly staffs and pleasant music.   Dislikes: too much time to prepare foods.  Great dishes ranges from mughalai,chinese,asian,continental cuisines at exceptional taste.   Will visit it again.

Many people don't know about this place. Ambiance is really good. This place is located at Rustam Bagh Road,Near Manipal Hospital,Old Airport Road. As it is situated at roof top so you enjoy the weather. Despite the high price of the food and the not so attentive waiters  service, I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavors. For this reason I highly recommend going to the "Urban Restaurant".

Not many ppl wll knw whre exactly dis place is, located near Manipal hospital n 3rd floor hidden to public eyes. The food is delicious bt the service off d trade, good for 2 to 4 ppl, nt more than that. Try butter fulka wid daal makhni n peas pulao wid daal tadka wll fill ur taste buds. I wll go wid 2.5 due to d ambience n food br hospitality? U need to watch it again

Good food.  Good price.  Recommended.

Good Ambience. Very hygienic. Food is decent. Won't recommend it for someone who really wants to hog!   Good to take your date for a dinner!

Average  taste. Average hotel. Ambience is ok. If u stay nearby its worth a visit, but would really not recommend to drive over from far....

Breakfast,lunch or dinner. Everything is available at a cheap price and is very tasty. Simply irresistible. Random and sudden hangout with friends this is place to go.

Beautiful atmosphere, especially on Wednesday for candel light dinner  Ok food not to bad... But very bad service.  Very very slow,  They must increase their staff and also the varieties in their menu

A restaurant with beautiful ambiance. Delicious Indian food. Taste as expected. Dance floor is okay okay. A good place to go with your family and friends. . Worth money.

The place is good, primarily located between all these tech parks, the ambience looks nice as well, only the food is just about OK... They don't have bad food, but nothing extraordinary about it... Have heard that the quality and taste of food has improved off late.. Overall just about good..

Food is good, but it is overpriced and the Bottle water is been sold for 65 rs where as the MRP says 20rs. Careful when u r buying bottled water. Normal menu for the Buffet. Foods that u order from menu will take long time to prepare.

The ambience is awesome...A royal one basically...Tried the buffet they served.But it was not upto the expections.Didnt like the food much.Wouldnot recommend..

The usual Kerala fare. Check for interesting variations in the menu Always better to go pick up the food than ordering.

Its going to be a long review :)   Food review (food for 1 costed me Rs.240) Spring Roll (veg) Mushroom fried rice (veg) Good hygiene food and economical (specially perfect for bachelors) I highly recommend !!   For the longer explanation: I went in just before they shut, but the owner came out of the kitchen with a smile and said "we are out of noodles, but anything else you want its there" It was sweet that he didn't wanted to waste my time, also I think their noodles should be a must try, if ...

Good chinese food here. I usually order for takeout. The place is small, less crowded and good ambience. This place for pork starters.  People here are very friendly and courteous.

This place is very very small, so i would recommend  take away or home delivery. =================================================================== The food here is pretty  good. They serve actual 'Kolkata Chinese.' The Malaysian noodle is  a must try here. The waiters and delivery guys are really nice and friendly So a thumb's up  if the ambiance of the place doesn't matter   =P ===================================================================

Ordered food at panda boy today and firstly I must say their service is excellent they have polite staff and delivery persons. And good value for money as well. I had the chilly garlic noodle and the chicken chilly both were delicious and spicy perfect for rainy day. Definitely recommend panda boy if your in a budget and looking for yummy food! <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-32727400" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/pandaboy-32727400">Pandaboy</a></span>

Now this place is for utility purpose... Of the employees from the surrounding companies. The place is in a basement and it's small, but it's always clean. There are dishes of the day that one can pick from. I am a huge fan of the chicken cheese paratha. The bhindi masala is also my favourite. The chicken masala is also quite good. It's an easy and cheap option for those who have to eat out daily. It's almost like home food.

Have been going to this place for a long time however the quality has come down drastically.  Went there 2 days back and ordered chicken tikka masala and aloo paratha however the chicken was burnt and paratha's were not that great.  They seriously need to do something to revive the quality.  Good concept of home made but not so great.

Located bang opposite to Hockey stadium, this place is more like a canteen than a restaurant mostly frequented by the employees of nearby companies.. The place is situated on the basement of the building and can accommodate around 25 people at a time.. Ambience is basic but place is kept clean.. They serve North Indian food.. They have different combos and also provide lunch box service on a monthly basis.. The food is decent even though some of their dishes are bland.. Its a self service place ...

The basement food joint ! The aunty/owner who takes the order is one of the sweetest !  Authentic North Indian food ! Feels good to eat such food.. Service take a little time ! But the food tastes good.. Good service by the boys, friendly & helpful ! Cheers !

Just walked in with my friend on a rainy night for dinner as we are about to board the bus for PG. No varieties in the menu. Dosa was not  on the menu to our shock. After scanning the menu, we ordered Egg noodles and it arrived after a long wait. Taste was okay and the price was a bit high. Needs improvement in menu.

Aaaahemmm...!!! Restaurants in and around majestic keep changing...!! cant say its bad coz its not bad..!! Pricing us higher yes for its place...!!! Was optionless but didnt have any experience..!!! Just go enjoy and just pay n cum back..!! That all is..!! 

Just another typical South Indian food stall. Too much crowded as commuters gather to end their hunger right next to the entrance of Kempegowda Bus Station. I ordered a masala dosa and it was not served hot/fresh and that is the reason I doubt the hygiene and standards of the place. You only find most of the locals having meals which looked pretty good and the executives/babus of KSRTC also gather over here for the lunch break.

The hotel is smack in the middle of the Kempegowda BMTC busstand. Serves the regular 'Sagar'/'Darshini' menu.No nonsense. Opens at 5AM in the morning and has a limited menu of idlis, khara bath and kesari bath until 6AM. Other items like vada and dosa slowly start rolling out later.   The place definitely needs to do more in terms of hygiene but is a lifesaver when you reach Bangalore half asleep and  in the wee hours with a mad hunger which is how I got to know this place :) YMMV !

This restaurant, right at yhe entrance of the railway station, should be used as a place for a quick tuck in before taking a train.  Should enter with no expectation, then there is no disappointment. It is reasonably efficient in service & moderate to poor in taste.  A udipi joint i. Bangalore should have high quality idlis/dosas and south Indian food. Sadly the food quality is only moderate.

I visited this restaurant before catching my train from Majestic. It was around 6pm and they had all dosa and idli varieties. I enquired about the Chinese dishes for which they told that it starts around 7.30 only. The tables were clean but the same could not be said for the water jugs and glasses. A cat seems to live around here and it was nonchalantly navigating through tables to go out through a window. I ordered a set dosa and it came to my table within 10 mins. The dosas were hot and fluffy...

Had gone to this restaurant only because it was right next to the railway station and the other restaurants around were kind of crowded. The general ambience is poor. Cleanliness is a major issue here. I saw a dead cockroach on the floor and nobody bothered to clean it up. Service is Petty slow. We had to wait a good 30 mins before we could get our order of paneer kadai and tandoori roti. The menu is very standard- north Indian, south Indian, Chinese /Indian Chinese. Nothing stood out for me. Th...

vegetarian restaurant !  i didnot find any rude staff in this place.. they treated well !! good ambience liked the special biriyani-handi biriyani.. tasted good!!  both coffee and tea looked similar but tasted good!

I have eaten at this restaurant many times. It is good place for south indian items like idli, dosa, vada. But the north indian items are not good. They put city leaves in paneer and dal. So try only with indian items. Ambience-3/5 Value for money-3.5/5 Quality food-3/5

The hotel is just outside the Bangalore junction so it best location to have a quick bite before train leaves. The food is average and in such kind of place ambience doesn't play an important role. The staff was Ok and service was quick. The place is pocket friendly Overall decent place to have quick bite .

If you are in real hurry and chanced to eat or pack parcels just before your train jouney then this place is one of the option. Simple food comprising both NorthIndian and SouthIndian food, the food tastes good and delivered hot. I tried their Masala Dosa along with Mix veg Pulao. Rate is pocket friendly and slow service. The place is always crowded and be ready to self service.

Here food is total veg . . Quite normal food service is fast because its situated at the compound of city railway station. . . . Ground floor full of self service and quick parcles 1st floor having service . . . This restaurant always fully packed up with foodies . .

Typical coastal sea food restaurant. Normal  Fish Curry rice with fish fry(seasonal fish) is a great combination. I had mackerel curry boiled rice and anjal fish fry. Seafood lovers and hoggers will love this place for its taste and quantity. Pricing is economic. Ambience and service is above average.

Coastal food restaurant on the way to majestic from Anand Rao circle. Sea food tastes  Good, priced normally.   Ambience & service - not poor but ok. You can not expect anything other than the food being kept on you table , you need to serve yourself.   Crowd - average     Value for money - within of varieties of sea food ordered by us for two the total bill was approx 800inr.this would have easily costed us 2500 inr in any other mid range restaurant.

Great for a quick bite. Clean and hygienic with decent portions. Spicy.

This place is more like a mess serving north karnataka style veg thalli with jwar rotti/ chapatti, rice & other side dishes. Good place for budget travellers or who want to try north karnataka food.  Sometimes, you need to wait to get your turn for a seating place or to get the rotti's.  Expect hygiene as any other mess with above average food quality.

was in a hurry so the review is limited to shawarmas only so took two chicken shawarmas home good amount of filling and the chic is properly cooked for an average person one is filling but then you can always go for two nice place can be tried....

This place is like a dream restaurant for people who love to eat chicken all day. They've lots and lots of varieties in chicken. The place is always crowded like any it is on a weekend, which says about the food they serve.   Small place having around 10 tables for dine-in, but the best option is to take away.  Their Sholay kabab and Kalmi kabab are just try, they have Shawarmas, Rolls, Grilled Chicken, Chinese Items, Andhra Style Chicken, you name it they have it.

Good food @ very economic prices and good staff.  Had ordered Samosa chat, Paneer Tikka masala with roti.  PS: if you order for butter roti ask for th he butter to be separated, as the roti has enough salt n the salt makes it more salty.

Had ordered mutton nd chicken biryani... Both tasted almost same...wasn't spicy... Taste was gud nt great... Nd chilli chicken...it was just ok...it had dominant taste of capsicum...if u hate capsicum then its nt for u...service is gud... Ambiance is bad...

Kollapuri's is opposite new prashant hotel and one of the few non-veg options in the neighborhood. Very old hotel and cramped place allows around 30-40 people to be seated. Kitchen is right behind the seating area and you can see all the activity going around.  Opted for Mutton biryani as I was alone. It is pretty rustic and tasty. Can be tried out once.

Pros - Excellent taste, best price for food. The mutton are the best you can have. Cons - Place is not large enough. Otherwise one of the best military hotels.

Probably the best non veg restaurant in Basavangudi. Their biryani rice with the various chicken/mutton dishes are mouth watering. After your meal you are served with a glass of hot rasam (complimentary)... If your nut fussy about the ambience, I would definitely recommend this place !!!

A very small place. Take away is a better option.  There is no Ambience per se. Few tables and chairs and you also get a peek at the kitchen.  Service is average. Well cannot expect too much from this place as this place is under staffed. Hard for them to handle the crowd.  Food is good. I like the chicken dishes from this place but have had tasted better food right across the street.  You can give this place a try.   P.S : It is a tidy place but not all would like to dine in here

I visited with my friends last week. Its just beside Vidyarthi bhavan. Good value for the money. Tasty food. The service is good. Ambiance is decent too. They play the instrumentals of songs. All in all it was a good experience.

Roti Ghar has become a landmark in Gandhi Bazaar. South/North Indian and Chinese are served here. I especially like the manchurians here. Food is good. You can stand and have eat in the ground floor(self-service) or there is a service hall in the upper floors. For take away one has to order outside and get a token. Place gets crowded on weekends and in the evenings.

This review is about the posh looking family restaurant in 1st floor. It was a bit crowded when I went there with my family. When we stepped in, there were many unoccupied waiters but none greeted us. I dont have the habit of rushing towards an empty table, and expect the waiters to show us the table. But none did. We were standing there and they did not even bother. Service was delayed.   We ordered Butter naan, Kaju matar, Mushroom masala, Babycorn pulao.  Food and ambiance were great, but I...

Gandhi Bazar has a number of pocket-friendly restaurants be it for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Roti Ghar is one such eatery which has self-service section on the ground floor and a family section (with service) on the first floor. One can visit this place for south Indian breakfast, South Indian/North Indian thali for lunch/Dinner, a la carte or take away. I like the Paneer peshawari gravy served here.. Flavorsome!   Food - 3.5 Value for Money - 3.5 Service - 3 Ambiance - 3

Ice variant of chat were really different:) Chinese variants were making lose the originality of dish.. Also chocolate variant chats were expensive and disappointing. Am quite sure none wants to have something as sweet as chocolate in sev or masala puri:p

Quality has gone down since first I visited this place. This place needs revamping and needs a strong menu. They also need to work on employee skills.

The order came 30 minutes late. I had ordered hp3. Packing was good. I had requested for plain rice instead of pulav and extra spicy panner curry during order. Both had been conveniently overlooked. The non panner curry was too salty. Rest of the items were good. They applied a delivery charge (apart from packing charge) but failed to deliver on time.

This place is really good to have vegetarian food. Whenever I visit here I make sure I have Paneer Bhurji and Dal Makahani. It's amazing here.  Other dishes that you can try is Baigan bharta and Chole bhaturi. I have tried samosa chaat and aloo tikki chole, all awesome.   Crowd wise the place is very quite and it is the same in most of the branches I have visited.

Have been to mast kalandar so many times but to this outlet this was my first visit.searching for sm new food outlet in the area and ended up here.this is good chain which serves only veggie food.when we entered thr was no one apart from waiters so thought the service will be good but it was disappointing.only plus is food is tasty and Gilab jamun is just awwwsmly Devine .dont dare to miss that

It is an okay place. We got our food delivered and it took them a good amount of time to deliver it. But then again that isn't an issue but the issue is that we were delivered the wrong product. They did deliver the right order later but it was cold and tasteless. Recently the quality has degraded.

I did try Great Indian Maha Combo. I placed my order at 1.45 pm and the food was delivered at 2.25 pm very poor service. The combo consisted of Buttermilk which was good, 2 parathas, 2 sabzis pulav and gulabjamun. The food was really good. Only the time taken was frustrating.   Food- 4/5 Service- 1/5 Ambience- 2.5/5 Value for money-3/5

Mast kalendar lost its charm !!! Overall mast kalendar quality has gone down drastically over last few years, this outlet is one of worse ones. They don't serve hot and and rude staff.

This outlet of MK is the least impressive one in koramangala. The ambience is only average and It seemed that the staff wasn't enough to attend to everyone. We had to wait for a long time for our order to be served or re-filled.  Like all Mast Kalandar outlets, the food here is good and spicy, serving size is large and prices are justified. But it can't compete with other eateries in the neighborhood. They should try to match upto the standards of the other MK outlets, if not other restaurants i...

Mk is not bad it ain't competitive enough.  For the items are tasty for sure.  Chach yummy and with definite mix of fried jeera hung etc..  Langarwali Thali is decent and they keep introducing festival specials. Staff n ambience is really decent. So the issue is certain high pricing and inability to take on local dhabas that serve tasty food. Mk shall consider dropping prices and changing menu..

How come no one has commented about this place.? its the oldest juice shop as rewind my teenage or my college days   . have been here thousands of times from past 10 years precisely.  A Place for good Lassi n its my favorite and other juices are fresh n really good...

The place is a small run down restaurant some serious good biryani... The meat was tender,well cooked and rice had just the right amount of spices...adding to the taste.. Bit too crowded..not right for any occasions... Just to grab food on the GO... Meal for 2 costs Rs 300/- Parking limited  Needs to improve on hygiene front...service tardy

Small place but the food is really reasonable and tasty, They have Chiken noodles like no other place in Bangalore really amazing.. Must eat!

This is a small shop and very easy to miss even in a very narrow street. Maybe for some it will be going out of your way but since its on the way to my son's doctor's clinic, I pick something up. They have the juiciest tender grilled and tandoori chicken of various hues. What differentiates Al Noor from others is that the chicken is really tender and the spices really penetrate the entire meat. Does not have much of an ambiance but hey, who needs ambiance when you get that good food? I recommend...

Good food, with reasonable price....expand ur place all over, it will boom just like Siddiqi kababs. Inshallah ..............................

it is great play food wise (rolls & kebabs) not sutiable for dine in . CHEAP rates with a real vally for money  personal fav AFGHANI MURG & NIZZAM ROLLS

This is one of my favourite place to booze when I'm stressed out! I have been here more than 50 times and I like few things about this place. Service is good as I know few who work here. The staff are friendly. I love there diced chicken since I'm a very spicy eater. I highly recommend this. Whenever I visit this place, the staff get me this along with my beer if I just say "As usual". This is place is not just like a local bar. It is sophisticated and the ambience is good.  Overall, Service- 5/...

My colleague was referring about this place which is near his house for quite sometime and finally decided to visit on Friday evening after office hours.  Located on Gandhi Bazaar main road which is famed for couple of legendary outlets, you will have ample parking space by side so it won't be an issue during late evening.  The place is located in a building having 3 floors. We were settled in 1st floor which has smoking area. Place is relatively dark with extra dim lightings. Seating arrangemen...

One of my favourite restaurant.. me n my guy love this place . We get varieties in Sea foods n chicken as well . Good service good  Quantity n quality of the food is really nice . Donne Biryani they make is awesome damn tasty   Me n my guy frequently visit this restaurant n we have sitting for a long time

Named rightfully  Wah chaat wah.... Love this joint  Come here to enjoy it , panipuri, samosa chaat, ghughni,murimasala.... Takes me back to calcutta

I will not recommand this place to folks to grab a bite of frankie. I have been to commercial Street for shopping and after i was done with my shopping, I was really peckish. Ordered a schezwan chicken frankie overthere which was tasteless. They are making some shit on the name of frankie...

The service here was quite slow compared to other outlets. Tried the veg Frankie. The taste was good. The price is same as the other outlets.

Frankie has been delivering some good and yum rolls from past years.....Frankie derives taste of rolls from old bombay....!!!!! Service here is pathetic ...need to be friendly and while making the roll must prepare in a proper sequence ... Roti while preparing should be round and crisp but not torn and utter waste type.. . Vada pav used to be good...but know its 2/5...  Recommendation :- Shezwan chicken roll Chilli chicken roll Veg frankie  Vada pav

They have the best frankies every, I always visit this place and they have never let me down. So they are positioned in a junction where after getting tired of shopping, eat and continue shopping

I had ordered half kilogram of Death By Chocolate cake . The cake wasn't worth for rupees 450. It was hard and tasted very bad. I won't recommend this for any birthday parties or anniversaries!!! Trust me not worth it!!!

This place has been here for ages and has developed quite a good reputation for themselves. You can always see them crowded with people especially during festivals. A must try

This shop is known for many years.  Very hygenic and excellent taste using pure ghee is maintained since inception.  Variety of sweets and khara include 'sweet & khara' mixture, Rava Laduu, Adarsam (Hindus prepare for Dipawali at their homes), Somas, Muruku and so on..... ...... Staff very sincere and cooperative.  I have ordered here for many occasions, such as, Vazaikappu, Seemantham, etc., which they prepare afresh and on time with nice packing .....  and worth too.  The price is compara...

I ve gone to santanams couple of times.  Their chaats r too gooooodddd.  Sweets and savouries are also good and economic than compared to big shops.

dint like the location....  but the chaats you get are too good and they have maintained the chat shop very well... Chats and PArotas a must try..

I know this sweet shop from very long time and located in Narayana Pillai Street which is near to Commercial street... Most of the old Bangaloreans knows about this shop... Sweets are really good here and customer service is amazing... They prepare almost all the sweets with Ghee... You will get best Badami Halwa and Sohan Pappadi here... Price is bit expensive...  Taste: 4.5/5 Quality: 4.5/5 Ambiance: 3/5 Hygiene: 4.5/5 VFM: 4/5

Small place still yummy food.famous for spare parts like brain boti paya .awesome egg parota .tastes yum and taste of malnad .

Usual Karnataka taste but affordable price. One of the decent Veg restaurants in Shivajinagar. Dal and other curry are the Best part of Roti curry.

Vinaya Sagar is one of the popular darshini's in Commercial Street locality. I had a unforgettable relationship with this restaurant. I use to visit along with my mates if hostel food is bland. Most of my visits here for breakfast, there is nothing special about this restaurant but all south Indian Dishes like Dosas, Idly Sambar and Puris are really good. They are good in maintaining consistent quality & Taste with affordable pricing. It's a self service restaurant with quick service. Afternoon ...

Shilpa is my favourite place to order lunch in office when I want to have something homely, simple and light food. My personal fav is their masala dose. The good part about them is even though I get it parceled in office, they are still crip at the right places, just the way masala dosa should be. Other than dose they also have decent curd-rice, ghee-rice for lunch and vada, idly for breakfast.  It's a small, very crowded place specially during lunch hours, with decent food.

If you're looking to grab a snack or a light meal on a light budget, this is the place to go to. Although I must warn you, the food is really oily and may take a toss on your stomach if you're not used to it. Nevertheless, there's something that makes one want to go back and for me, it's their aloo parata- just the right amount of potato and coriander leaves! Very filling! The place is pretty crowded, so it would be best to do a take- away if you have butter fingers!

i ve been eating here since 1990, from my college days, the food is served very neat and clean, i used to notice even then that the plates and cups are always washed with warm water and kept soaked in hot water, The taste is also good though at lunch times is very crowded

As it was near my office and near commercial street, we have been there often. Good place for snacks and simple veg food... And because of the location its costly by 20-30rs ! Can try anytime!

One of the oldest restaurants in Shivajinagar. I use to be regular when I was staying in the Vicinity. They serve pretty decent South Indian breakfast lunch & dinner at pocket friendly prices. Most of the dishes are good here, without second thought one can order from Sri Rama.

This vegetarian restaurant is situated just opposite to the bowring hospital. We used to go here for breakfast when we had our posting at the bowring. It is a small place with ambiance right from the 70's - 80's times. Upstairs they have a partial roof top like ambiance but the cleanliness of this place is not that great. All the tiffin items like idly sambar, pongal, pulav, are all good to taste while they are damn cheap. Service is fast and efficient though manned by elderly.

This is just between bowring hospital and bus stand. One has a limited option here and purely south indian, without much changes in t food taste for more than 3 decades of intermitent visits. Rava idly and bisi-bele-bath tastes t best here. This place is abuzz for its quick service n moving crowd.

Had an great experience in my recent visit to the hotel.  Placed very close to the Shivaji nagar  bus stop. We ended up having a special ambur beef biryani. To my suprise I was blown away with the kind of pieces they used to prepare this biryani very soft pieces of beef with some great flavour which comes through with the rice which is not of that great quality at all. Beef chilly too was good just that colour added to these are very artificial. Otherwise it's one of the best places if your runn...

This place has the best value and taste! For Rs 70 you get proper portion of Chicken Biryani and Chicken Kebab at Rs 120. Value for money amazing, however it is not the cleanest place. THE FOOD IS AMAZING.

If you are looking to have more ice cream and yet feel light, then this place is for u!  This place is just the right one for me.. I tried the tender coconut flavor here and fell in love with it! It is a must try.. I also tried the mulberry and raspberry flavor which is seasonal, I loved the blend of crushed fruits that taste so good with the ice cream! The chocolate chip one is just like every other chocolate icecreams! The staff was friendly and price is slightly on expensive side! Definitely ...

Naturals serve one of the best flavoured icecreams. Anytime you feel like having icecream, a scoop that gives immense satisfaction, just land in here. I love all of their flavours and the taste. Must try place!

It's a small Ice cream outlet but undoubtedly the most rich ice cream in real fruit.  Coconut and Jack fruit are my favorites over here.  However, the quantity for the amount they charge for a cup will make you think twice although it's worth.  I suggest you take home the half liter pack which is much more reasonable way to spend here

Natural Ice Cream, it has a special place in my heart. I'm the greatest fan of their Natural Fruit flavours. When I was in Girinagar, I use to ride all the way to Bannerghatta Road just to taste their Chiku and Jackfruit ice cream. And when I shifted to Hebbal, I was overwhelmingly happy that Natural Ice Cream has an outlet just 7 minutes drive away from my home. Which means now I can stock up my freezer with their delightful fruit flavours.  AMBIENCE: This store is located in 80 Feet road whic...

Natural ice cream with soothing flavours on offer. Have visited a lot many times across their various outlets. Have only been happy about the flavours and its natural essence.   There is no such thing as service in these outlets, kind of ignorant staff and arrogant cashier seems to be a common thing at most of the natural ice cream outlets.   This place is definitely not for experimenting. Try the mango, sitaphal, tender coconut or jackfruit flavour which one cannot go wrong with. But tried vari...

On a rainy evening, i happened to go to this place ( dont ask how !!), and we ordered a meal Dosa Combo ! And boy was i surprised. Superb taste, right spice, right flavors, and best of all FREE ICE TEA !!!   I am going to go back to this place again n again ... cos it is one restaurent where it is value for the buck !! and i mean it.

Dosa place with a Biriyani pic in its ad was really disgusting  when they are not specialized for that  Lets talk about the place:-  We were a group of 7 and did a mixed order. 4 Biriyani ( One Ambur , one Matka and 2 Egg) , Couple of chicken Kheema Dosa, Chicken Sukka Dosa.Along with these we also tried our luck on Chicken fry Omlette and Chicken 65.  Let me explain 1 by 1....   First Biriyani- Hugely disappointed. Doesn't taste good, They mentioned in there menu that its made from choosen Basm...

We had all noticed the big signboard that promised great food at Currys & Dosas (Shouldn't it be Curries?) on the way to work and of course got interested. Having to deal with food from the dungeons in the office cafeteria and with limited options around the area, we're always on the lookout for more places to eat during lunchtime.  So one fine day, when noone had got their 'dabbas' we decided to venture into this place.   It's very easy to locate - especially owing to the big signboard that gra...

If you are having south indian... this is definately to place to eat it from....

I wont say that food was too good, but not bad either. 2 stars for that. But the Service was pathetic. One waiter takes order from me. No action in 10 minutes. Another waiter comes and I repeat my order. He goes invisible for the next 10 minutes. A third waiter comes and serves finally in another 5 minutes. I could see people leaving from at least 2 tables in this time as they were not timely served. I had ordered fish curry meals . Once the meals and the veg curries were served, there was no si...

We went there for dinner on suggestion by some of our Keralite friends who highly recommend this place. So we land up and find that the place is almost empty on a Friday evening, a bit of a dampener to say the least. The ambiance was average, but then this was foretold to us by our friends so we were not expecting much. The staff was courteous and friendly and suggested us options. We ordered the prawn curry, egg roast, kadala curry and ofcourse the appams; dishes most commonly found on any Kera...

Another Hidden Gem kind of a Place and located in the Interiors of Shivajinagar. The Ambiance of the place is similar to MTR, Udupi Krishna Bhavan and other legendary joints, which serve South Indian Food. Its a nostalgic place for me, i spent few years in the Cantonment area, so i visited most of the restaurants similar to Ashoka. I find every dish is extremely good and my favorites are Vada Samber, Khara Bath and Masala Dosa. Prices are reasonable and highly recommended if you are in this Loca...

I had to run few errands and had temple visit at dharmaraja kovil. Its always been a family tradition to finish temple and grab few quick bites at Ashoka.  Being 1st Jan I was in a rush to finish my work the place is never changed for the past  60years I guess still the same packed with crowd. Crammed seating rustic looking ambiance..quality of food is not the same  I ordered for masala dosa and coffee...the dosa did not have a layer or kara chutney inside with a dollop of potato which had no t...

This hotel is opposite t famous Shivajinagar Taj Hotel and this itself stands out as an icon This place mostly frequented for the quality food served Vada with chutney and kharabath makes good start followed by a masala dosa. Seating is limited here and the table service is the only option. Bisi-bele-bath is served lesser in quantity but the taste is great. The above stands out in the tiffin items and theres loads of south indian sweets to try here as this has their own sweets n savouries counte...

I just jumped into this bakery cos I couldn't find parking space.. But then I loved their chocolate pastry.. The ambience is not to good but u get to smell the bread!! Must try their pastries.. Yumm

Absolutely amazing cakes and biscuits fresh goods baked in-house...must try items Japanese cake, samosa, salt biscuits and coffee...my great grandparents used to purchase goodies from here they are 4th generation bakers and still going strong restored the place... bakery is spacious and welcoming now..will be going back for more...special bakes are during Christmas and Easter...

This was once a huge wide shop but now a narrow bakery. Have been having stuffs for over 30 yrs and still, whenever am around, i dont miss on their veg puffs, apple cake and japanese cakes. They have a few varities of burfies which sell like lot cakes apart from their special breads. This place even stocks peppermints which one usually doesnt find in the market now-a-days.

If your shopping in and around commercial street - shivajinagar this place is heaven for non veg lovers.Best try items are - Mutton and Chicken Biryani, Chicken Kebabs and Tandoors .  My report card Price  7/10 Taste  8.5/10 Service  7/10 Ambience  3/10 Value for money  8/10

Crowed a lot. Visited first time. The taste of food is good. Will take lots of time to find a table or seat.  Ordered Chicken tikka masala and Romali roti. Size of roti is too big. 1 piece is enough for one. Rs.500 Was total bill amount of 2 people  Quantity= 9/10 Taste = 8/10 Ambience=7/10 Behavior=7/10 Pricing=8/10.

I went 2 hotel taj after shopping In shivajinagar we ordered 4 chicken biriyani 2 chicken boneless kabab and 4 tea it was the tastest food in shivajinagar.The hotel is fine right but the is irresponsible to late and lazy peoples.for order they gave very late but they gave bill very fast

Wow.... The place is a epic.... When it comes to eating proper Muslim style nonveg food... The CP or Ceylon parota with non veg gravy (of your choice) is too good...the best is their hot crispy kebabs...always crowded.Try the ghee rice also... The service is excellent...prices just right for the area... A sumptuous meal for 2 will cost Rs 400/- and is just just worth it folks... Parking a challenge here.. Must try

Went there at 11pm best is that there was food  The ghee rice tastes filled with flavormbut then rice looked of poor quality as it was sticky n seemes half cooked  The ckicken kabab is amazing flavoured, well cooked and crispy  The complimentary gravy was yum and just made the ghee rice much better. Dal was poor and hmmm seemed like it was a left over.  Only big downfall is the hygine factor but then for a bill of 140 cant expect amazing service... But needs to be cleaner atleast  Would love the...

The best North Indian street food hygienically made with the same flavours as the streets of bangalore. The mithais and lassi are amazing the chaats and South Indian is also delicious.

Try out the filter coffee, masala dosa, idly and everything on their menu is not only taste amazingly good however it's even priced amazing pocket friendly. The owner is pro active as well

Had the Chuabey Puri which is a filling of sweetened grated coconut. It was a large piece but did not have as much coconut. Was looking for the halwa puri which was over when we reached. I was tempted  by the mishti doi which is a bengali delicacy but left it for another day. The rest of the fare was regular sweets. Need to visit their main branch in Shivaji Nagar at leisure to.experience the 50 year old legacy

Has a popular name but not a great place at all. The sweets are ok but not awesome. The quality is poor. Service is manageable. The poori is supposed to be good, only supposed to be.. Others.. Not Great..

Have tried the mawa based cake here. It was good. they also have a variety of other local and popular sweets.During ramzan they also have these huge matka of mishti dois available for sale.

used to frequent it a lot as it was close to my office ITC infotech ... i feel the sweets are kinda dry bcoz it is not made everyday ... still milkcake was good ...

The awesome ghee k laddoos made my day. I just observed so many exclusive sweet preparations that can make anyone happy. I am dying to try all these. I also tried samosas but they did not serve it hot. However the taste was good.

Since a family friend mentioned about a place which serves beef rolls I have been on the lookout.  Managed to get rolls for the family to try them. There is no place to have the food other than on the pavement,hence the takeaway.  The rolls are of different sizes Mambo, Jumbo etc and the biggest is massive with a good amount of minced/shredded meat of your choice - chicken, Mutton or beef.  I heard they are a very old joint and have a decent no.of loyal customers.  Wouldn't mind having those hug...

This place has been there for ages for beef lovers it's awesome the Botis, the Sheeks rolls which they are know for actually they started introduced rolls..  I love their mutton rolls it's in all quantities single , jumbo, Mumbo& even Rambo.

The Rolls here are different from other places as its shredded kabab pieces in romali roti. Tastes absolutely divine. A must have for people in the area

The best tasting sheek kebab(beef) you can get anywhere around 5-6 km from this place!  If you are a fan of sheek rolls or kebabs don't miss this place! They  don't use much colouring dye in the sheeks.  Good variety in kebabs available and very light on the pocket! Also has service to the car!

Had the zomato app for a long time have used it tho  Saw the review us stickers thought i would share my quick lunch scene at this beautiful restaurant. Ordered for mutton biryani with chilli chicken and kabab  Just enjoyed my food till the end Would suggest and visit the place again. #donnebiryanilove

Staying in the locality for years never been to this restaurant. Being a true bangalorean love Donne biryani. So landed up on a Saturday for lunch with friend trust me this quickbite is heaven just loved every part of the food. Quick service Good food Dam pocket friendly!

This place is on the highway right before L&T. The biryani and chilli chicken is to die for! You must try the authentic naati chicken and mutton biryani too. The helpings are huge and the taste is lip smacking. Do try it.

Had been today.  Located near Byatrayanpura Signal,  Airport road.   Donne biryani is good and tasty.  I loved it. You can get home delivery as well.  Very limited option..

Constant - Consistent and Classical  - - These 3 words would sum up the food.  What it lacks in ambiance it makes up with the flavor packed biryani . The ambiance is standup - face the wall and finish up. However there is more than ample parking in front of the joint.   So get your Biryani and turn up the Ac in your car and have a scrumptious time .  On the down side. I did find their sides very messy .  Too much oil and spice. Too much onions.. over cooked and 'not nice'  Stick to their Bir...

Love their andra style chilli chicken and nice biryani but only is need to take parcel very congested to eat over der keep it up  Food : 4/5 Price: 3.5/5 Ambiance:2/5

Foods good any day chicken biryani is something that no can mess up.. but it's too open n parking is a bit of a issues. Get a parcel n move to home is the best you could do.

Nice biryani and starters would recommend their biryanis and starters for sure but better to take a parcel than having over there other than that good food available

One of the best biryanis around! Really love the food and its unique taste. They have increased their prices off late but the quality of the food is unquestionable. I recommend you try it once. I'm sure you'll keep going back to it after that.

Its near to the Famous Lalbagh; West Gate  Its famous for all those morning walkers,Joggers, for a cup of coffee and lots of Talks  I visited this place recently, An unplanned Visit   It was too late for Lunch and very early for snacks   So had to try the available options, We were a group of 4  So decided to taste, Idli, Rava Idli, Lemon Rice and Parota  Rava idli was too dry and Aloo Curry was not tasty, It was not that good  Idli was soft, Chutney and sambar tasted the normal way it is suppos...

Breakfast is superb. I have seen people drink the sambar again and again. I have also heard people commenting that they have never tasted idli sambar like this. However their lunch was very disappointing. Strange. It is 5 points for breakfast and 1 point for lunch.

The buffet here is satisfactory.The options are good for the money they charge.The ambience was okay.The service was on a slower side.I liked the dosa counter.Though the chutneys and sambhars arrived after a lot of requests.They should take extra care in refilling the buffet counters.Otherwise it was satisfactory meal.One of the good options for people living on the manipal county road.

After reading all the negative reviews I was little skeptical whether to choose this place for family lunch or not but our experience was little different. We booked our table via zomato app, being a sunday and if you live in bangalore you will know its important to do reservations !  The security at the gate was more of a helpful guide rather then being a serious king's squad. I must admit it feels like lungs are back on full swing after seeing healthy greenery all around the quite place and if...

A very nice greenery place for family to enjoy the food in between the water fountain & Fishes... Though the place is empty but still we find staffs to help us out with a smile on their face.. Loved the tasty fish fingers with Tartar sauce alot... Would recommend for the families & friends small get-to-gether once in a while in Manipal County..

I have always been fond of Manipal County especially Seven Spices. Not only is it conveniently located opposite my apartments, it serves good food as well. Even my son's first birthday was celebrated there and boy was it worth it.   The fish dishes is really really good (not in terms of traditional taste) and usually Basa is used which is convenient as it has no taste and takes the flavour induced. The fish and chips with tartar sauce is worth a try and my favourite is the Masala fish fry.  The...

Great food, very reasonable. Only thing on the flip side is the service. If you want to dine in here or order at home make sure you call them one hour early in both cases.  Ambience - does not matter to me Food- 4.5 Price-4.5 Service-2.5  Great place for burgers and steaks!

fantastic small place. slightly slow on service but worth the wait. beef ribs were mouth watering. bbq prawns had wonderful smoky feel. chef special steak that i had was well done and swimming in sauce with 2 varieties of sausage and mushroom - not very well laid but felt and tasted very homely. bread slices served had strong garlic flavor and i like it that way.  sitting being open on a medium busy road - having a conversation is slightly difficult. will definitely go again

This place served more than 100 varieties of dosa, but this place no longer exists.

Its a small roadside eatery on Chamrajpet near the Chamrajppet circle. The specialty here is the Davanagere Benne (Butter) Masale dose. This is a must try, the dosa is richly smeared with butter and will melt in your mouth. There are many such restaurants in Bangalore, but the taste here is good. There is only standing space here and people even eat on the pavement. This is a place you need to try once.

I had been here one afternoon with my friend and I have to say this place is awesome.. i mean just the place for the foodies. They have a very vast range of items in their menu.. literally a hundred and odd varieties of dosas. we ordered four dosas , palak masala dosa, khara neeru dosa, cucumber rava dosa and pathrode dosa..all tasted too good. Its a good place for foodies. ppl should come out to this place with their friends and give it a try.. its worth it :-)

I love food here... it's quite snacky and hit  the spice to your tongue... especially schezuan... sabudana,  makai  Palak are quite tasty.... price is good too...!!! But management and service is almost to the worst.... especially staff boys over der...

The vada pav are awesome and you get to eat various varieties like schezwan vada pav which is actually nice. The classic vada pav is the best. More varieties are also there. Don't compare the prices with the local vada pav you get in Mumbai..:D Everything else is just so good...

My friend took me to this place telling that they give very nice Vada Pav. I had there and i felt It's all the same regular vada pav. There is nothing special in it. They only have few more varieties and thats only new thing with them. They all tastes almost same. Cheese fingers here are nice. But when it comes to vada pav's i think can have vada pav like them somewhere else at cheaper rate.

If you ever feel like eating a burger at McDonald's, give it another thought and have a vada pav at Goli. The vada pav here are tasty and filling. But I almost always hated this place due to the owner's rude behaviour. He reacts as if he is doing some favour by selling vada pav.  # Quality - Good, grab a quick snack # Ambiance - Many may not like this place due to its poor location # Service - One of the worst I ever came across # Cost - Cheap

Ambiance - 2/5 (on the verge of being categorized as street food) Food - 4/5 (quite tasty and customizing options) Cost - 4/5 (really good for a quick snack, cheap) Service - 5/5 (the owner at the counter - explain it) Location - 6/10 (ignore the drainage canal at the back and all is fine)

This place is mentioned as a must try in most of the places and I went there with a lot of expectations - have to say it's over hyped.   The ambience is extremely good and service is great. But when it comes to food its not that great.   I ordered chermoula chicken and it was like grilled chicken with puthina chutney. They gave a red sauce along with it and it was yuck!!!!.  Total bad experience with chicken dish. We ordered one more chicken dish was not that great   Burgers was decent (tenderlo...

Yep, I give this place a 5.  Visited this particular outlet for some years now and the food quality has been top notch. Steak, Lasagne, Pasta & Almond Chocolate Ganache that I've had recently, were nothing short of orgasmic and high quality, all of which were immaculately plated (5 star standards). Its clear to see (+ taste) that the chef really takes pride in his work.  I can only hope that Smoke house deli Indranagar does not drop the ball as I intend to visit them over and over again.  Once a...

Great place for a perfect breakfast, lunch or dinner. Have been to smoke house deli on numerous occasions and have never been disappointed. Love the muesli, sandwiches, salads and desserts!

Going after a long time...ac was not working it was warm upstairs..the tenderloin steak was hard...but wanted rare to medium...the fish was not very good..a bit smelly..the eggs were good..the bacon wrapped potato was good & so was the chocolate smoothie...place looked a little shabby...service was excellent ...Pandian took care of us very well....

Fantastic place to go to, right from ambience to service, and of course the food. SHD has it's game at a 5 star level, some of which couldn't even begin to compete with place. Yes, spending 450 plus taxes on 6-8 pieces of prawn sounds like over kill, but it was good enough to order twice. The lamb kibbeh looked and tasted like non-veg madur vada, but everything else including the spiked coriander, pepper chicken, peri peri and philly  cheesecake was an absolute pleasure to eat. By far the best c...

Typical Tamilan food. Super service. A bit shady ambience, but the tasty food makes up for all the short comings.  Weekend breakfast is highly recommended.

Went for the Thalai vaazhai virundhu , banana leaf meal on a Sunday. The food was good, service was excellent. Want to try out tiffin next time

Good food at reasonable prices, very swift service and spacious eatery! Ordered Onion Rava Masala Dosa. It was delicious and we were treated with 3 different chutneys and sambar.  Worth a visit for a casual dine out!

Being a doughnut nut myself , I make sure I check in all the doughnuts outlet even though I've eaten befre.mad over doughnuts has always been my personal favourite.Their base is way too softer than most of the doughnuts outlet.choco Bomb and dark knight are a must try

It has the best donuts ever !! A first bite into them made me fall in love with this place . For all the chocolate lovers who want to experience the true love of chocolate this place is a must visit . My favourite is the Double Trouble which has a coating of chocolate and dark chocolate oozing out of the donut . For those who just like a glazed chocolate donut you can go for the Midnight Beauty. Mocha Truffle is also a good option to try out . Truely a wonderful place for all donut lovers !!

I will visit this place often when am to brigade road very often as I like donuts very much and it's very posh place and in the heart of the city we can go with girl friends ... And ambience is good ...

A small outlet in garuda mall's food court. Has quite a variety of donuts, each one tasteir than the other. Have been visiting this place for a while now. The staff is friendly and service is not slow. Worth a visit when you are craving for some donuts!

My lover for donuts won't be over because of this mad over donut   I just love it...my favourite place for donuts  This is place have a good offer for the donuts and yeah will be fan for donuts !!

Masala, Ginger & elachi tea are very taste, where everyone and most out flow from this bakery... As this was famous from many years people will come take have those three variety of teas with mini kachories and samosas...  Try Masala & elachi tea when ever you visit.. 

Over rated tea point... only good thing I liked was samosa..but chatni was sweet. Puff was just okay, rest is mediocre. Only cash accepted.  @disney bakery.. its inconvenient some times. Please try using any mode of cash less payment.

One of the best tea joint to have ginger/elaichi tea in btm second stage main road.This place is always crowded ,Ginger tea is must try with mini kacori's.

A small moderate bakery with a lot of bakery items . Had tasted veg puff which was okay in taste , the dil pasand was bad not tasty at all only little coconut taste . Overall an average bakery.  taste -  2/5 service -  3/5 ambience -  3/5  value for money -  3.5/5

This is not just a tea junction but I would say a ritual for all the people to perform if you happen to be in BTM. What a vibrant vibes you get over here, bhai isi baat ke paise hain.  It is, I would say a legendary outlet in BTM, which I think is visited by most of us. I really like their ginger tea. I would say, a must visit place for all who happen to be or pass by BTM. Cheers

Ordering experience was horrible. Need to be quick.  When comes to food was OK, butter nan was good.  Babycorn Manchurian was swagge ............. No recommend .

Their North Indian  menu is very good and cheap. Their spicy food can cause some acidity so proceed with caution.                             .

Awesome food. Good quality meals. Snacks are cheap and best. Go for it without second thought. Good place to have noodles, snacks, rice items.

Put in best terms very well good to be avoided... The place is clean but the quality of food is so bad that you regret the decision of visiting it... The place serves southindian breakfast...tried the idli/vada...vada was not tasty,undercooked and no crispness at all... Tried the masala dosa which had no taste nor the feel of having one... Coffee was a face saver Parking limited to 2 wheelers  Hygiene sad... Please avoid if possible

Awesome food. Typical south Indian idli, dosa, coffee. The north indian Meal was also surprisingly good. Excellent staff. Always smiling and helpful. Small place, so packed most of the time.

Good for parathas and meals, open till 12 . Outdoor sitting.

Ughh... Thia frustration is killing me! Spent so much and got so little, not quantity wise but satisfaction wise. Let me head straight to the ratings Ratings- Ambience- 4/5(Pretty decent) Food quantity- 3.5/5(Not bad) Food quality- 2.5(Low average) Service- 4/5(Pretty decent) Variety- 3.5/5(Not bad) Value for money- 2/5(Pretty bad) Well this is just my opinion guys, if you think else wise do let me know and give me the reason too.

If you are looking out to relax and unwind or a romantic rooftop restaurant look no further! The ambience is truly amazing. The food is good and the service is very warm quite empty most of the times though. A thumbs up for this one!

Good view and average food.  This does not work quite well though.  The buffet Dinner on Valentine's eve was cold, the staff did not speak or understand english or hindi.

I'm a fan of rooftop bars and always look for them when I visit new cities and this was the closest to home. I've tried out several. Many claim to be a rooftop bar but they really don't fit the bill because they have walls on 4 sides and only the roof is open. Without a solid view of the city, it's not the same experience. Anyway, visited here on a Friday evening with my sister in law and cousin brother. It's a good bar and I recommend you stop in. Drinks are a bit pricey but the atmosphere is p...

An awesome place with great food! The service is very good here as the waiters ar very friendly. They have so many verities on their menu card and I love all of them (as I have tried almost everything here). I am a frequent visitor of this place as I cant have enough of its food in a single visit.

Boondock bistro serves one of the best beef burgers in town and I think they're really underrated. Also their baconator is a piece of wonder. But spaghetti and meatballs are difficult to eat. Quite literally. It's terrible.

Amazing food. Nice ambience. Decent service. Some of the waiters don't have much of a clue of what's going on in some of the dishes, but that's kinda expected in a pocket friendly place. Amazing VFM. Been here at least 20 times in the last year.

When: 17th March at around 9pm.  Was it full?: No, we could get a place easily. Food ordered/ recommended & consumed: Starters: Cream of Mushroom soup (excellent). Chicken tenders (good). Chicken wings (excellent). Mushroom caps (good). Bacon wrapped sausages (excellent). Mains: Lamb chops sizzler (great lamb). Beef-bacon (Baconator) burger (really good!). Pesto penne (Indianized, please ask for it) (very different and very good). Pork burger (really really good). Chicken penne (good). Desserts...

Amazing place! Serves the best Shirley Temple! Good is great, sizzlers especially are awesome and even the cheesy fries. Celebrated my birthday here a few years ago. Prices were reasonable and the ambiance is great. A wonderful place to go with friends and family. Very casual. I love the posters of old movies and funny quotes that have been put up.

ordered one veg and 2 non-veg thali. taste is really good comparing to others in the electronic city and we'll surely order again.

Love carrots <3 Its not just about food, its about  awareness, compassion, kindness, and delicious food of course! The people there make you feel right home at Carrots <3 They are always kind and loving towards all, both humans and non-humans, that's the best thing about them <3 #vegan #compassionate #crueltyfree #delicious

Location : very near to Sony world signal if you walk towards NGV Ambience : better than average . The place needs better lighting . Appeared a bit dingy. But had a comfortable and laid back feel to it.  Food: All vegetarian . I went for the tomato soup which was good. Then we had the whole wheat papdi chat. The dressing and the chutney was too much compared to the amount of papdi it had . In the end the mushroom stroganoff was good .  They let u pick a chit in the end and we ended up getting a ...

Excellent fresh and affordable glutenfree Bread!!!! Our son is very happy with the tasteful bread. The glutenfree pizza base was also Fine.Delivery was easy with a runner. Around 280 rs for whitefield. A great option for glutenfree.

A very good place to have Veg food in Koramangala. The ambience is very nice with dim lights and soulful music. About the food, the salads, starters are very tasty and healthy.  For the main course there are fewer options, but whatever is available they are good enough for a change.   Very different from other restaurants like Gramin, OM, Shree Krishna etc. Its a must try, and will enjoy it.

It's very difficult to find a fully vegan restaurant and that too with a variety of dishes and desserts, and that's the first thing this restaurant gets right. Lots of dishes to choose from- be it starters, main course, sweets, savouries ice-creams and juices. This a great place to go to if you want to have a pure vegan and organic dining experience. The ambience and service is decent. The food is very delicious and filling without the heaviness one often feels with non vegan meals. Highly recom...

Decent place, Decent food, Decent taste, Decent price, so do not have any complaints what so ever for a restaurant which started in the 90's.  They have maintained the service and quality from then, all in all Good.

Indraprastha @ Vijaynagar is a typical darshini which you can find at every single area in bangalore. It serves everything from north to south.   It has a good seating area for the customers who have time to laze around and also a stand-eat-leave area for those in a hurry. The food is nothing great to talk about, though i don't have any complaints either. It is just good. But the good ones that must be tried are masala dosa and rava idli. They are much more delicious than what we could get in o...

Have been here 3 to 4 time when we were put up at Rajajinagar.. The first visit was on the first week of its opening and remember every moment of it, as the opening of the restaurant made quite a news for then. It's still a popular landmark for the Vijayanagar area. Food was and is average from day one, nothing special but decent. It just falls to the equivalent category of shanti sagar which is few blocks away down the line..

Nice place to have breakfast. Close to my home so i go there often . Its a nice place . The restaurant has been open for ages . The tasted has been consistent throughout the years .

No Words to say about dis.. itz one of my favorite food spot for dinner.. atleast ll visit twice a month.. dosa v can get without oil here.. totally good vegetarian restaurant...

Having visited this cosy little restaurant several times recently, what stands out is its homely, clean and tasty food which is value for money; considering the pricing on its menu.  I was rather surprised to read a recent review about this place from a gent and his lady who cribbed about everything from the heat, the fans, the tables, the wash basin, the ceiling, the floor, allergies, the self service counter and the lack of more than one door to the kitchen.   Im rather surprised that they did...

hi me & my friends went this pepperpot food really good n i love ck steam momo's and good music also value for money

We went here with my friends & Biryani was vry good esp Chicken with corn exquisite, this place is value for money!

From the outside it would seem to be a little place but has great food , well mannered staff but lacks on the items on menu . They could try adding a few more of the popular items .

This is my 3rd visit to mom's magic. Its a nice and cozy place to hangout out with your friends and the food is just great. Tucked in the busy hassle and bustle of the city this haven of delicious food and friendly staff and not to mention the laid back music to accompany the dishes is a must visit. But, apart from my 3 visits, the place is sometimes closed at the peek of lunch time if they have large orders which makes people like me coming from nearby office for lunch, a big disappointment to ...

Boiled rice meal and chicken roast is what I ordered from here for home delivery for lunch today. I am one of those who eat more sides and less rice so this was the reverse for me - lots of boiled rice and small quantity of each of sides. The chutney and Sambhar were good, the kachimor and cabbage thoran average, the papad had been broken into 2 dozen pieces (in transit), the avial like subzi was rancid and the sweet was just ok. For 80 Rs meal it was ok but i guess wherever possible for indian ...

Literally a hole in the wall of sorts , Moti's kitchen is almost hidden in a corner of thippasandra market, with seating for around 15-20 diners canteen style.   This a Kerala style canteen, serving home style Kerala cuisine. The lunch meals are worth it, with unlimited rice and basic curries priced at 70-80 rs, additional special curries and fried items like meat fry, fish fry or roast chicken are 80- 90 rs and are of total value. These guys have been life savers for me , when i wanted a break...

If you're on the lookout for some truly homely Malayali Food, Moti's Kitchen on Thippasandra main road is the place to eat at.   Their biryani, appams, fish fry are really good; but their standout dish is the kerala-style beef fry, pictured above. We've had a lot of malayali friends tell us that the food here is remarkably identical to the food back home, so you have our word: No B.S.

Good place to go to if you like fish.  OK for quick lunch.  I ate veg meals here.  Which consists of mainly rice and some other small items like salad, vegetable etc.  Fish fry is very nice here.  It is very cheap.  Don't expect much in terms of ambience.  It a small mess with good kerala style food

Didn't ever visit this place until today and it's too good to be true. You get authentic Kerala preparations and be it any meat, they serve it. The rates are very reasonable and the service is very smooth.  All their preparations are in house only  with freshness in every thali. The quality and the taste is right where it should be and that's what matters. Will start visiting Motis Kitchen regularly.

Not much good for the ambience. But if you love desi good, you are at the right place. Lassi, a full glass lassi is the best part, while spicy food is also not bad with a cheaper price.

This is a very small food dhabba. Its like a chotta bomb barda dhamakka. The food is really very tasty and authentic Punjabi. The Chinese isn't as good as Punjabi or Indian food. There is no misery in serving Ghee. The sweet lassi served is good.  But in time this place as decreased in food quality and service.   Food-4 Ambiance-2 Service-3

Best ever veg biryani I had in Bangalore. Mutton chops and Phadi kebab are must try. Very unique and pure in taste. Biriyanis, I don't need to review it since everyone in Bangalore knows about it. Good staff service also. Only con is too much oil in every item.

It's not a very happening place to dine out though they have ample space.  Their chicken biriyani is really good.  I mean the aroma takes you right back to the times when mom used to cook biriyani.  The manchow chicken soup is good.

I would never say No to Rahams biriyani!   Was in the area to catch a movie at Fun Cinemas and the hubby wanted to have dinner here.   The place was quite empty which was a surprise but being the holiday season and a Monday I guess everyone's either left town or hanging out elsewhere.   We were greeted by an enthusiastic elderly gentleman who also took our order of Mutton Biriyani and Sholay Kebab.   The biriyani as usual was excellent and luckily enough the Sholay Kebab was not spicy.   Parking...

The place is quite near to our office & so we went on a saturday afternoon for lunch on someones recommendation.. We ordered mutton chaap in starters & mutton biryani in main course.. The chaap was just horrible, was burnt & oily..Very bad experience with the starter but the Mutton Biriyani was really good both in terms of taste & quantity. The service was real quick which made the biriyani experience even more delightful.. They offered us "Firni" as complimentary Dessert to us which was really ...

Worth a visit. Have been seeing this restaurant from some time, finally gave a visit with my friends, turned out to be a perfect choice. Ambience : Quite decent and neat. Hospitality : Good service, collecting orders can be made better. Food : Manchow soup was decent, tomato soup needs improvement. Starters were really great baby corn manchurian tasted really awesome. Serves phulkas which went really well with the curries, paneer tasted good. Mango milkshake was nice too. Overall a toothsome exp...

Tasty food.. Good place for family outing.. Nice ambience..great service..perfect for veggies craving for some good north Indian food.. Overall good place... 

Visited this place multiple times. Its very close to my place. The place is small and neat. Good to have a quick casual meal. Most of the items i have had here were good. Tomato Soup sucks hard. Would definitely avoid here. Prices are pretty good. Very reasonable. Service is also pretty good.

We accidentally decided to go to this place for lunch, wow, i really loved the place. Small cozy, peaceful place. Have better choices of food. And food tastes very well. We ordered veg clear soup, it was very flavourful. Ordered missi roti and bendi curry. It was ok, not that great

Good place for a quiet lunch, nice paranthas and sides. Although located at a busy junction, the entrance is not easily visible. Gulab jamun is awesome, nice way to end a good meal.

Amazing, super authentic food! I loved it and would definitely go again. Friendly staff, great quality and good value for money. The quantity isn't half bad either :)

Must must must try seafood salad. Normally all d foods are good here but seafood salad is just one piece you get it only here. Trust me, it's so yummiest and luscious. This salad has all kinda seafood like  Squid,  octopus,  shrimp and more.  Ambiance is okay and so service too but worth every penny for their food.

Khxbkhun mak (thank you very much) Lan Thai... I ordered for Pad Thai Chicken (Sprout) on my Christmas Eve 2016, it was so xixy (delicious) ..... mouth wattering foods with Mango Milk Shake. Had this food for the first time. Ambience is really awesome. On top of that it's in Brigade Road. Love to go again.

The location is such that half the Bangaloreans who have walked on Brigade Road probably do not know this place exists. It's what I call a hidden gem. Yummy and flavourful food served here. My favourite would be fried beef with basil leaves and fried egg, and garlic seafood with rice. Must try if you like spicy/flavourful Thai food.

Went here for a weekday lunch. The restaurant is a bit hard to locate... The signs are not prominent. It's in an open space inside a mall. The ambience isn't much to be honest. Service was nice and courteous.  We had the following: Raw papaya salad: this was good! Had the bright balance of sweet, sour, heat from bird chilies and the crunch from papayas and peanuts. The heat from the chilies was definitely part of the aftertaste and that added an extra kick. Addition of garlic to this was a bit s...

Nice place to eat good quality and yummy food. Heavy on ur stomach but not on pockets.. :D Try Lacha paratha and methi parathas if you ever visit this place. Have not tried Non-Veg. But yep, For Chinese and veg. lovers, Its a place to be. My Fiancee liked Veg Monchow soup too much.. :)

Food is average and ambience is very bad. only two or three chairs are there.

Decent food poor ambience.very limited seats to sit and dine.

Too much dust. Very less number of tables.

Though the outlet is small and seating place is limited, the food here is awesome!  The vegetarian food is good. You get Boonda sherbet and Panak which is unique to this place and definitely to try out.  The service is decent and taste is almost like home made food.   Must visit.

Had been to this place for some take-away dinner pack. It's NOT an Arab restaurant alone but a mix of Indian, Chinese, Arab and whatever. And probably that's the bad pitch... The restaurant is most of the time empty (despite huge space across two floors) but I see that it's more of a place for take away or home delivery. Saw a lot of their delivery boys moving out.  I ordered mostly Indian stuff today. Roti, Butter naan, Garlic Kultcha. Paneer Palak, Chicken curry and an Arabic Chicken barbeque....

My friend who tried mutton biryani at marhaba suggested this place and being a total biryani lover i had to try it!! The place looks nice and waiters are polite. When i wanted to place my order the waiter mentioned that they have two kinds of biriyani - Andhra and kapsa- which is  arabic biryani! I am a total andhra biryani fan , so I ordered  chicken biryani with ghee roast (my fav combo! ) and my friend ordered kapsa. Chicken biryani didn't disappoint me... it was very tasty and the serving wa...

Don't know why the place has recieved the above reviews. I've been there twice and ordered home deliveries many a time too. The food is awesome!  Do try out their Hummus (for true Arabic food lovers) and being a vegetarian, I simply love their Broccoli tandoor- never ever seen this in any other restaurant earlier! The schwarma & momos are great as well! Very economically priced, and great customer service too!

Au Bon Pain has a limited options for veg snacks. The sweet items were good but not great. Overall seems a bit overpriced for the menu being offered.

The outlet is part of the Cloud 9 OPD floor and located behind the Babyoye store. The options available are limited to say the least but whatever is available is fresh and ensures that you do not think of how many days it has been on the shelf. Within the context of the setting it is in, this is more than sufficient for a breakfast setting with your posse just coming from or going in to a doctor's appointment.

The Au Bon Pain inside Cloud 9 has limited options compared to the other locations. We had our snacks here a week back. The items we had were veg puff, garden sandwich, blueberry muffin, danish custard and spinach soup. The taste of sweet items were good but the soup was not that great. It is definitely pricey here.

Visited this place more than ten times in the past few months and you will be wondering why. The main reason is that this restaurant is inside cloud nine facility and the early doctor appointments made this place our breakfast location during these visits.  We always go for the chilled orange juice, couple of croissants, sometimes couple of egg and cheese bagels. Its a yummy food, but then feel like its bit high on the higher price side. Its an international brand anyway.  But recommended place ...

I would rate 5 out of 5 for Behaviour of the staff with clients. Multiple menu. Coffee lovers must try once at least. Lovely place also the multiple choice on menu card adds lot of value

This is it!! A great cafe which serves food in limited variety but with best of the taste. I visited RMZ Infinity for an interview and luckily saw this beautiful small cafe.  Food is very good with outdoor seating facility and it's ambiance is really good ...I wish to visit this cafe again....Loving it!!

Nice cafe in rmz infinity.. Varieties of pastry and cfee and different non veg lil snacks..good for official meeting also.. Peaceful and clean decor ..

This is my first Au bon Pain, I tried in Bangalore and I loved their food..!! Even its a very small outlet, with fewer varieties, their pastas and chocolate mousse I liked a lot...!!

We went for a cup of coffee also they had an offer if 50/- bucks unlimited tea (elaichi,green tea and black coffee) we had the cappuccino and hot chocolate and it was decent enough we also tried the rice wich and the smoked salmon cream cheese with bagel which was yum

Most underrated, unknown, older restaurant, in the new social media, which serving some excellent South Indian food for decades. North Indian is good too. No wonder they have their regulars and sometimes you will have to wait a bit to be seated. Excellent place for breakfast, lunch and dinner.

This place is my better after renovation.The place is amazing. The food is good. I love the Rava dosa and idli. Must try for south Indian food. Will visit again.

Amazing cheese dosa. So economically priced and yet so filling. Also not to be missed are the starters here. They are heavenly. The paneer here is bought straight from the heaven:D

A pretty decent darshini kind of restaurant. Breakfast is decent but the prices are on the higher side considering the ambiance. Prefer the Masala Dosa/Rava Idli over other breakfast dishes. Ambiance: 3/5 Food: 3/5 Staff: 3/5 Value for money: 3/5

To my great surprise... I had one of the best pudi masala dosa and button idly at this place. Though the price is expensive...it seems to worth it. Its a must have!! The Paneer masala dosa is also good. Rava idly was up to the mark. The ambience is good. Service is quick and neat. A good place to hangout once in a while.

Nice place for quick breakfast! Must try creamy chicken soup and sandwiches. And a hot cappuccino at last completes your breakfast. Quick serve and nice display of foods.

My rating maybe would b higher if it was a bit lighter on my pocket. A nice place to get healthy short eats. Good sandwiches with a lot of variety even for vegetarians. I recommend the Chicken Pesto Panini. Really good soups and Danishes as well.

There is nothing much to write about this outlet. Small and cosy. Yes. Brilliant view of Sony World Junction. Yes. But both these factors still don't justify the hefty price tag an the food offerings. I ordered a chicken patty sandwich. Good and well presented, but I still believe i can satisfy my sandwich cravings while keeping my wallet happy.

Nothing great. Just another cafe that serves your usual pastries n sandwiches. I went there for breakfast but it was nowhere close to what the name fancies. Had a cinnamon roll but nothing great. Had a hot chocolate as well which was good enough, no complaints. Then me and my friend had a sandwich of chicken pesto and chicken and Swiss.. Very dry, like seriously! Making u drink a lot of water and at some point making you say, I had enough deliberately. I dont think I'll be goin here again for a ...

Rated it high mainly because it is very close to my hostel and inside my hostel. A nice coffee at 2 am in the morning is a blessing and I will be cursed for life if I am not thankful to them. Birthday cakes, egg prestos for breakfast and ever smiling staff - you have given me one hell lot of good memories to cherish. Thanking you

It took a hell lot of time to find the place after spotting the building also..The price is moderate..Service isn't that great.Ummm and ya ambience is good enough.  And one thing that caught my eye was simply sitting on those sits made of suitcases.That's pretty weird ;)

Nice ambience and cheap. It's good for people near marathalli who want a drink for the evening. It's usually not crowded but the service wasn't good on a busy night.

Nice place. Less crowded. Good place when u want to watch matches. It is damn cheap. Only problem is the waiters. There are not able to manage orders.

i went to this place twice. the first time my experience was not that good. but after the renovation the place is very good. it is located right beside 'Innovative multiplex' bus stop. though i admit the place is a little costly but given the location and if you have time constraint you will have good experience. but if you are specifically planning a outing suppose say on a Saturday evening there are more places within the same price range. talking about the upside the toilet has been renovated...

Now this is located at a place that can get pretty crazy at weekends. Quality of food is at par like other outlet but somehow customer service part is where it needs improvement. Forgetting to add cheese when billed for extra cheese and finding a person to clean the table is some common pain areas where they need to really close it. I am sure that they would focus on the same as Customer Service is essential for any business.

More of a regular here. The lively ambience of Balewadi high street combined with the seating arrangements of the place make it worth going on a casual evening out

Great place.. Good location.. Love the food n the coffee.. But smtyms they don't use cards.. N it's tough to get cash.. But otherwise a nice place to hangout

This is by far the best mcdonald's outlet in pune ambience wise.They also have a separate coffee counter which i have never seen in any other mcdonald's outlet but coffee is a bit expensive.

One fine evening, we were in a mood to get some cakes and sweet delicacies to have something light and sweet in the dinner along with bread and peanut butter. Checking, to this desert parlour , we bought some baked cakes, a couple of chocolate pastries. We found some packet of Lays chips and other namkeens. So we also requested for some Lays chips and namkeens, getting which we planned a house party and ended up getting boozed :P.   This shop might get you some sweets and other namkeens, but th...

Simple maharashtrian fare. I come here frequently for lunch. Masala papad, kaju masala, dal tadka and dal kichidi are all what I have tried and best recommend. Very pocket friendly. Only issue is with the limited seating space.

So my review for this place comes after I have visited this place 2 times. So the first time was when on a evening walk I came across the road side stall which bhukkad nukkad had placed. I knew this place existed since quite some time. So they have a promising menu which features chat from UP and Delhi and a couple of combos of kulcha and paratha from Tandoor section. So my first trial was on Aloo Tikki chat and I sincerely wanted to see how close they resembled the chat from UP. What I was serv...

Really good taste..specially thali.. though not liked  their chola bhatura... Service is also ok. Been there for any 3-4 times and liked it every time..

It's a fast food center (good taste) &  chicken biryani lovers can try the biryani once, At least it won't upset your pockets.

Tirupati   Situated on Dehu Alandi Road. Just Opposite Talawade IT Park entrance. A nice place for IT professionals.   Firstly. Parking : Not a problem. Ample space outside the hotel.   Ambience : Sofa seatings quite comfortable. Elegant interiors. Simple and sober. Lighting at night is also pleasant.   Service: Management is quite good. Never felt that I must call the waiter or the manager. Timely food delivery.  Food :  I ordered the following  Masala Papad was nice crispy with lots of topping...

All dishes tastes fav..... Satisfied... Food truely great... Being a non-veg person, i thoroughly enjoyed the veg that is offered here..... Will definitely go again...

One of the best places I've visited in last 6 months. The places is cozy yet comfy. The hospitality extended by the staff is extraordinary. You're greeted well, the kitchen and the eatery are clean and hygienic. I ordered Mac n Cheese & I was pleased to see that right from boiling the pasta till the making of the sauce; everything was being made right there in front of me. Since it's a see through kitchen, you can witness the hygiene standards people maintain there. The pasta was amazing. The co...

Just don't have any question! Quality at its best!  I am a regular visitor to this place and till date, there was never a day when I was not delighted by the food! :)   The healthy bites are amazing! Particularly, go for the Snack bar, Owner Abhijeet's smartly crafted healthy snack!   On a daily basis, I am taking the Sprout chat with me, the variations that he introduces in it, deserve a clap!!   Keep it up Abhijeet, it's great to know you and be a regular at Adden Foods! :-)

28th January 2017  I had the privilege of being invited to Adden to try out a new preparation that they plan to launch soon -  Potato Wedges. Now probably potato wedges may not be something new to rave about but what makes this different is the introduction of HOMEMADE toppings and various dips. And again they are NOT the regular French Fries that are served at junk food outlets but proper fried potato wedges. A little research confirmed that they contain 285 calories with as little as 14% of fa...

Tasty and pocket friendly!! Best place for quick bites.. Best part is, it has Indian and continental dishes too. Though there are limited items, it covers dishes I like!! 

A place you must visit if you a really dont want to miss some great food.just visited here while travelling back home.they really serve amazing stuff like sandwiches,pizzas,quessadillas,pastas and many more just an right place to visit when hunger strikes on very reasonable prices very hygenic and super delicious taste.tried to find out and meet with their chef behind all this . year's of his hard work and trained globally in well reputed 5 star hotel and cruise lines chef abhijeet and I am obli...

Average food Average ambiance we went here for family dinner but there the veg platter was fine the panner was under cooked panner tikka masala was blant and the veg boona was undercooked the jeera rice and dal fry were good the palak paneer was also ok and the baingan bharta too This place is just ok. . Service was good

Suruchi is the place with an average food average ambience but good service.... A family restaurant great for dinner.... ...................

Taste like muhhha.....zabardust....this is in my top most hotels list.... Whenever try to have chicken, must visit this place one, m sure u'll love it...

Good place. In the middle of Sangvi area so easily reachable. Paneer dishes are good. I liked veg crispy in the starters. Overall good place.

It's yummy and delicious Chinese cuisine with flavoured chatney....  Enjoy  the heaven's food .Have Satay chicken,Chicken chilly n chicken triple schezwan is good. Have it...

This outlet got opened around 2 months ago. they make excellent laung sev, very nice garlic sev and other variants. personally liked paneer jalebi which is a must try. chirote is also nice. i usually take out lots of namkeen from here. must try once.

Had kalakand. Wow simply delicious, melts in mouth with perfect sweetness. Awesome. Best kalakand i had till date. Would love to try other things as well.

One of the best biryani at Model colony area, and the price is very reasonable. One thing I would like to recommend is to have an online order presence which will be good for the store and me :)  I've tried chicken biryani which was cooked superbly, and the use of spices appropriately won my heart. Looking foreword to try more items.

Good place, if you want to have some delicious food this is the best place to go! My friends told me about this place, they love biryani from here.

I'm a biryani lover, I have tried biryani at many different places in Pune. One of the best biryani I had in Pune is was from this place. Those who want to try biryani in Pune should go to this place

Whatever I have tried so far has been fantastic. Be it Chicken Biryani, lollipops, mutton Nalli nihari, or sizzling  juicy tandoori, everything comes with a twist and leaves you craving for more. A must try l would say.

Miyan Murgh has one of the most succulent dum biryanis in town. Nestled in the busy Deep Bungalow Chowk, this small eatery cannot be missed because of the inviting aroma of biryanis, tandooris and Indian curries. Coming to food, we have ordered biryani from them several times - Miyan Murgh never fails to please. The daily curries which are served here are also worth a try. Waiting to experience MM's dalcha soon. However, seating arrangement should be more.

Food and staff is amazing. The ambience is not good. The offers they provide are fab. And quantity served is super filling. If ambience doesn't matter, the place is a must visit

We were shopping in the Baner area and we wanted to have dinner. As this place was less crowded and went in. The place is small and a little congested but overall ambience is good.  We ordered Tandoori Chicken- it was really delicious. the marination was done very nicely.  Murg Tikka Biryani- It was heaven. It was spicy just like I love. The chicken was tender. It was melting in the mouth. After a long time I ate such a juicy and tender chicken. The quantity was good. A big thumbs up to Chef.  (...

Best Shawarma rolls you will get here in entire Baner.  Very delicious in taste.  If you are visiting this restaurant then you must try the shawarma roll.  Worth every penny u pay for it.  

Don't judge a book by it's cover. An apt description for this place. The Place looks modest but the food here is unexpectedly good. Unlimited thali for Rs. 70! A perfect place to feel the taste of "ghar ka khana".  While the dal batti churma is awesome and quite filling, Shiv Special paratha and the pav bhaji are worth trying.

I used to frequent this place near SBI Hinjewadi when I used to live in the area... very cheap veg food....always crowded...the place was modestly clean...there are quite a number of varieties in curries, various types of chutneys, Roti, rice, papad and butter milk...that too unlimited rotis, sabzi, rice and daal..all of it under 100 bucks..but after sometime you will get bored with the bland tasting food served here..same was the case with me... but nice option once in a while when you want  to...

I cant even count number of times I went there. A cheap place to have simple dinner on daily basis. For almost 6 months I have tried lots of parathas and veggies here. Everything is good and cheap.Place has no ambience but great for daily food for IT people

No doubt this place provides food at cheap rates but quality of food is not good. I ordered paneer handi with chapati and jeera rice. Service is extremely slow. Waiter served only sabji at first,then after reminding 2-3 time and wait of almost 10 min,He served Roties. Paneer handi was too much oily. Had to wait for 15 min for jeera rice. That too all this on weekday. Crowd here must be because of cheap rates.

Nice place , food quality is good & quite healthy.   The owner is quite helpful, I forgot my laptop once & he opened the shop at 11:30 at night for me.

I was looking up places for dinner on Zomato and came across this place. The pricing is decent and it also had discount so got dinner delivered from here for me and two colleagues. We went for chicken patiyala and chicken butter masala with tandoori rotis. The delivery guy took around 35 minutes to deliver. The packaging was all standard with plastic containers for the chicken and lemon and onions. Both the chicken tasted nice. Butter chicken had kinda creamy gravy and 3-4 chicken pieces. Chicke...

simply the best, all points goes for the taste. we had ordered Chicken tikka biryani and it was exactly the same what we were looking for.after trying biryanis from big names finally we got the best.

The best chicken Biryani you'll get ever! The Sajuk Tupatli Chicken Biryani is heavenly! It's so yummy and the quantity you get is sufficient to fill your tummy! It's been 2 years I went there now the Biryani prices have been increased by 100 bucks ! But still you get awesome mouth- Biryanis here!

Recently ordered a bunch of times for home delivery from this restaurant. Because it is the only decent looking restaurant in Hinjewadi area that provides delivery to Phase 3. And I was not at all disappointed as the food was very tasty and mouth watering at reasonable prices. Best dishes that I would recommend till now are Murg Matka or Malai Kofta or Paneer Tikka Masala with Kulcha. Biriyani is also good but not the raita and the gravy that come with it. But overall it's good and I am looking ...

This Dining Hall is good for rajasthani type veg thali. you will find good taste of vegetables and hot roti with it. ambiance is normal. you can enjoy occasional lunch and dinner here.

Whenever I feel like I want to eat something like ghar Ka khana then dis is d only place which comes to my mind..It's not that they have mind blowing sabji n daal..But whatever they have is enough to satisfy ur hunger..Else who serves garam garam roti n sabji..  I agree dat place is not like state of art types but whatever they have, they have maintained hygiene.  They charge 70rs for Thali which includes unlimited roti,2 sabji,kadhi , daal.. n sometimes sweet also..Isn't it less ?  Best thing I...

Ambika Dining Hall is an eatary in Pimple Saudagar, located right there at the kokane chowk. The Ambiance is minimalistic and the place actually looks like an exhibition hall converted to a dining hall. The place is spacious with a sizable number of tables and fans (out of which, a few dont work). Coming to the menu, they serve dal baati churma as supposed to be their speciality apart from thali which is priced @Rs.70 , whose contents change on a  daily basis. The thali comprises of Tawa Roti, ...

Went here for lunch on a cool day. Ordered a "adraki murg". The chicken was well cooked and easily digestible. The flavour of ginger was lacking in whole dish. Altough the quantity provided was great.  Quantity-4/5 Quality-3/5 Value for money-3/5

It is an okay types place. Ideal for a low budget dinner. The seating capacity is less. Since it is in an open area and if you visit at night time, you can feel the chilling air making you shiver. I ordered Gobi Manchurian (dry) in starters and to my surprise it was actually good. I was not expecting such a good taste. But it was spicy so you have to be careful. From the main course then I ordered kaju paneer and plain roti. Kaju panner was also good and the tandoori roti was also nice.

Went here for lunch on a Friday. The seating is low but the place is quite spacious. We ordered egg biryani, veg. Hyderabadi biryani and a veg. thali, plus buttermilk.  The biryanis were tasty but very spicy, the sabjis in the thali (one was bhindi, the other one was in red gravy but not sure what sabji was it) very tasty and so was the daal. The buttermilks had way too much chilli in it and so were very spicy, but tasty at the same time. The only bad thing was raitha that was served with the th...

Great Experience of new management . Only hotel is old all staff and management is very good . Try best experience best price and good quality food.

If you are in a mood for a maharashtrian meal look no further.  Simple and filling fare which does not pinch your purse. Hot and fresh and does not upset the stomach next day.  Their Breakfast served in a separate hall on the same  is also typical Maha fare with poha, upit, sheera, poli etc. with misal pava served on sat and sundays. It inculdes  bread cornflaxes,  banana coffee tea and juice. All for just Rs. 100. Fresh preparations.

Breakfast buffet here is extremely good if you want to experience traditional maharashtrian breakfast..... Costs about 100inr but timings are more than  enough to enjoy all the dishes a couple of times..... However the restaurant advises people not to sit idly for more than an couple of hours as you may end up blocking seats for forthcoming customers..... As seating is limited....

Very good option around PCMC for thali lovers. Taste is good. Rather than going to expensive thalis such as mayur, found this one reasonable and quick is service too. Food type is maharashtriyan.

This is great place to eat thali and feel like eating home food.  very homely made verity of veg and my favorite Bhaji. and nowadays they offer free ice cream with o e thali. very good service and serving. I always prefer to go here.

Good service. Very nice decent Maharashtrian thali. If your lucky, you can get Kanda bhaji. Must try... Kadi is best. On chaturthi, modak is served. Must visit early on such day. Too much of waiting.

Its very fast service and awesome test ..Its new name Malahar....non-veg special...good quality and good quantity.best hotel in pimple gurav area.......

Excellent cakes. you just have to mention your requirements and they will bake it. From bachelor's special cakes to my Mother In-law's 50th Bday cake, i have ordered them all from Sufiz. Have been a repeat customer and have recommended them to many friends and relatives as well. Their chocolate cakes are to die for. absolutely sinful. Great going. All the best to Team Sufiz... bake away to success. Cheers

This bakery stands out as the level of customization offered is simply astounding..you name it they will bake it..the number of personalized cakes kept on display adds to the charm..took an almond cake for Xmas celebrations..will keep coming back to this place for the on-demand customized cravings on birthdays

We tried their cake last year for my husband's birthday and it was amazing. Since then Sufiz is our regular cake house for birthday cakes. Well you get good cakes at so many places but here apart from cakes, Muffin, Brownie's, Mawa cake(like Kayani bakery) are also delicious. Do try this place. :)

Do try ds place dey hv lots of amazing designs .. I jst love der cheese cake , amazing,  cakes r sponge all over nc shop dey even serve all types of bread  garlic bread  fast delivery,dey accepts all designs ... try try

Awesome cakes and pasteries.....owners response is also good.....he has good skills...and has good team too.....great treat..................all d best

I had a great experience at this site,  it has ample seating place. The staff is friendly and helpful. Cookie and cream is my favorite shake. Pan masala was a interesting flavor..

My first baskin robin place in pune!!! One of my fav place to visit every  nights! Tried  their cottton candy when there was hype for cotton candy!! Want to visit this  again with friends so we can relive live our first year life!!

My new favorite place for some delicious icecreamzz!!  Great in taste..i had ordered brownie sundaee Wich was amazingly yummy Very nice taste Enjoyed lots!!  Best of the best...

Love the mint chocolate chip and the bavarian chocolate. Expensive as compared to other ice cream places! Also, the ready made ice creams that they've started selling aren't nearly as good. The scoops score much better!  And for all the ice cream lovers, 31% off on the 31st of alternate months is pretty much the best deal they make!

Stuff like golden crumble shake., brownie ala mode sundae r just delicious which u cant even get in other outlets ...........................

Good place to have meal if you are not willing to go too far you can visit and try food here, price is very reasonable here.  We tried multiple times and money is worth here

amazing place for birthday party and taste of food is awesome fast service and best quality of shisha  i suggest you to come for pass the best time of life

classy place I love the dance floor & service too 

The place is too gud to hangout wit frnds enjoyed my tym at sufis 4 service is awsome food is too gud tasty such a beautiful place in lov wit s4

The cool place to hang out wt frends .The place is awsme i love the service 

I had best time in my party  which I had in ur restaurant with the best test of food and huka orange  obviously... thnx a lot from the respected manager 

This restaurant just got renovated with an overall improving the ambience. The restaurant is one of the reasonable prized restaurant in sangvi and pimple gurav area. We ordered tawa paneer as suggested by the captain and it turned out to be very tasty. The overall food experience was very good.

It was a awesome choice to visit cuisine culture...bcz they serve sm awesome n super tasty stuff....the taste...quality..ambience...treatment..all is simply gud..do give a visit for sure...u will luv it...cuisine culture...the second name of taste

Excellent taste and fast home service  Very cooperative staff Mr chirayu gives Good suggestions regarding permutations and combination of food. If it is

I have ordered only once through swiggy. My order was Nargis kofta and paneer pakoda.  Order was delivered within half an hour  Coming to food paneer pakoda has little pieces of paneeer coated with batter and fried however batter lacked any flavors. Nargis lofts as well lacked any flavors overall pretty avg stuff.

Real good taste and hygiene.Nice cozy place at a very accessible location.Good food.Nice place to visit with family . Starters are good and especially murgh masallam

awesome food. taste and presentation of food is really good. especially starters are out of the world. really recommend this place for making everyone's outing fabulous....

What brilliant flavours of ice cremes. Almost all of them are different and unique. The outlet is maintained extremely well however is easy to miss because of its location. Nothing much to say, u need to try out the flavours urself :)

NICE ICE-CREAM..lOVED THEIR CHOCOLATE SCOOP..PLACE IS NICE TO HANGOUT WITH FREINDS..IMPORTANT FOR THEM TO KEEP IT UP AND SERVE THESE DELICACIES..

Amazing ice creams! Loved the Mississippi Mud. Try Crunchy Milkshake also! The joint is also well maintained with good hygiene! Must visit for ice cream lovers!

Try the crunchy milkshake. Kind of a hybrid between ice cream and milkshake and surprisingly doesn't lose its consistency even if it's kept out for a while.

For Chocolate Lovers Mississippi Mud ice cream stick is a very indulging chocolatey ice cream stick. The World Class Chocolate is great. The cotton candy ice cream is good.

This bakery have nice pastries and good selection . They also offer lots of varieties in eggless section. Only thing i find the prices a bit high for the very small portion of the pastry.

A great place, away from city hassle and within natural serenity of bavdhan. Open sittings just makes it better to have their range of coffees and shakes, although inner seating is equally tranquilizing with a natural turn on for anyone. The ambiance and bamboo chairs gives soothing effect for relaxing. As usual food is awesome and drinks are delight. Strongly recommended from my behalf for anyone looking something around bavdhan area for taste and chats...Bingo !!

One of the best cafe point in the area... with cuisines that are worth every penny to spend for... so scrumptious and yummy that just gives a whole lot of fantastic taste to their foods and beverages that are served which makes one to crave for more....... and to top it all the soothing ambience just adds on to being a great spot to hangout which totally adds a cherry on the cake...... so go ahead and enjoy the delicious and yummicilous food and beverages.....

All the fish lovers have to come in here as the name itself says .. It serves the authentic dishes from Kolkata .. Bengali cuisine is what we go for with the homemade taste which you get .. Word of mouth is how I visited this place .. a small one with good food ..

An authentic Bengali place at an unbelievable place and an unbelievable price. Very humble ambience but the food will blow your mind. Better call them in advance if you have special requests. Must visit !

A small place for Bengali food. Have tried a dinner with fish. Fish quality was good and taste was good too. But there is a bit service issue. As for fish meal in pocket friendly budget this place is worth to visit though it lacks ambience.

Great place to have authentic Bengali food..love their prawn curry..staffs are very cordial and owner is very good n friendly..we are daily customers here.will recommend this place to everyone..

Small place, ambience not at all good.  Real authentic and great bengali food. Staff behavior 5/5. Food 4.5/5. Ambience 1/5. Will suggest to try atleast once for the food.

The seating arrangement is inside the store. That might be a disappointment for some. The quality, hygiene is at par with other Copper Chocs stores, no doubt about that.

I recently hosted Bday party for my 5 yr old daughter. And ordered a nice Barbie princess theme cake n cup cakes from copper chocs, baner.  Taste was matchless and above that the cake was looking extremely appealing. All the kids were so so happy n excited. They all booked the cup cakes even before distribution. And as the host of that party, I was on cloud9. Every single guest in that party asked me, from where I got this cake n cup cakes from. I highly recommend Copper Chocs ! especially for ...

One of the very friendly person I have ever met at any restaurant/shop was the owner of Sin city bakers. He greets you with a big smile and forces you to try for free whatever new things they make.   The outlet is very small but they have many things to try out.   I have tried few cakes and each time they have impressed me. Best among the all was the German Black Forest Cake which was outstanding to look, fresh, soft and delicious to eat.  Apart from the cakes I have tried these:  Baked Wada P...

The place is supposed be a part of the chain. But compared to the KP outlet, this one is kind of a let down in terms of the ambiance of the place. Even the cakes and desserts on display seems to be different.   However, once I started tasting the cakes and sandwiches, I couldn't think of anything else. Started off with a Veg Cheese Sandwich, which was good. Only Brown bread option was available as I went in a bit late. The chocolate ball was just average, whereas the Choco Lava cake was too goo...

Nice place to have bakery items... Remains open till late in the night.... Provides variety of items.... Cakes are superb in taste as well as nicely decorated....

The first time i was here for having birthday cake for my friend and it so happened that this was the only shop open at that time , the cake was awwwwsome. And after that i tried quite a few things from menu ,and they were all good, The must try is the choco lava cake it tastes better than anywhere, The thing is the 4th time i went to this place and ordered masala patties and to my shock it tasted so bad and when i cracked it open it was stale and rotten with fungi over tomato. So be aware befor...

All the products are good but please beware of the guys overcharging customers. The staff tried to overcharge me today & had to be corrected at the right time. The staff takes advantage of the fact that rates are not displayed against most of the items.

Awesome cook.. multi-talented and great taste..  Loved tomato soup and paneer tikka a lot...  Good place to have tummyfull dinner.. quantity and quality guaranteed

Its one of the good Chinese serving restaurants. It has a very reasonable price and a good taste.  The service might be little slow when the restaurant is full with customers.

Ordered chicken lollipop via zomato  Let me tell you it was worth it.... I think I need to visit to try something more here....  Well chicken lollipop was really mouth watering.... Schezwan sauce was very balanced unlike others where they put lots of red color in it...  Service was good It got delivered at expected time..

Had been to this restaurant yestersay, i had the best chinese food ever in pune. The cook is so perfect in keeping all the ingredients of chinese food perfect balanced, there was no excess oil,soya or MSG in it.And the chicken was fresh,healthy and tender. The food here is so nice and perfect. Plus it is a clean and hygienic place. Hats off too cook

Hi there,   I had received a quick food delivery before the deadline and food is good no doubt but the behavior of delivery guy is not humble at all. Even on the bill it is mentioned the delivery address and I too gave the landmark despite he is telling me why you placed the order so late ? that should not be an answer ............... and I had placed one order in which chicken masala/chapatis & 1 chips packet but he missed out to give it to me......

we ordered 5 parathas and paneer combo, the parathas weren't upto mark. Paneer was great Also your thali is very delicious.  Hope you keep up the good work...

The best part about Late Lateef is it has the cure for your drunk very-after-hours hunger pangs! We ordered at nearly 345am and they delivered in about 35 mins, which is quite good compared to the order reviews around here. The Veg Biryani was decent, would've liked it to be a tad bit more flavourful. The Parathas were above-average, they tasted as expected but were a little too thick and it wasn't due to the filling. Would've been good if it wasn't so doughey and not as thick. I am pretty sure ...

Amazing food the chicken  pasta is exclusive (too filling ) . Finally food anytime you want . The service is amazing food is on time . Totally cooperative .

Initially i visited this place for dinner thali, believe me very rarely i hv had such good rajma far from home n am from North. I got to know these guys deliver all night long Wow!!!!!!! Tried their Paneer pasta n Spaghetti, jeez it was delicious n hot too @ 2AM can u believe that. Taste was great too, creamy n soft with Jalapenos n a hint of garlic which I revered 

I don't judge a place by it's ambience and location . It is a small cafe located in not so prime place but the food served here is on par with other quality restaurants.  So far I have tried cold and hot coffee, Maggie , paav bhaji and I had such homely feeling everytime I had food here . Medu vada and sambhar is just okay.

Lively (outside) seating, rejuvenating hot coffee, tasty maggie and yummy cold coffee! Very reasonable and Cashless payment even for meagre billing amount! Highly recommended for avai-wala get together and for morning coffee-cravings!!

Good place to visit with friends. There are muliple choices in hot and cold seinks. Thik chocolate is must try. Value for money:4/5 Ambiance:3.75/5 Loaction:3/5 Food:4.5/5

Pune is never too cold for not having a cold coffee. I have had cold coffee here multiple times and it's always the same.  Plus this is only Cafe Durga which doesn't serve non-veg (although the listing says it servers non-veg but in reality it doesn't)  It is a small place with outside seating so good for evenings or later.

This is the most budget places in pimple saudagar. Went with friends for snacks, and tried the one thing for which this place is famous for- it's hot coffee 4/5 and cold coffee was also superb 4/5  paired with grilled sandwiches. One of the delicious coffee joints i have ever visited. Would love to go again

If you are hungry and looking for a place to have some good food quickly, Hotel Chaitanya is the one better option you can choose. You can have variety of menus like everyone's favorite Vada Paav, Samosa, Masala Dosa, Idli Sambar, Cream Roll, Pohe (Poha), Puri-bhaji for break fast and Daal Khichadi, Fried Rice, noodles, Rice Plate, Egg omelet, Sabji-Chapati, Daal-rice and much more for lunch. You can also get well prepared tea and coffee here. Evening time is a bit surprising as you can get Onio...

Desi style food. A good range of items included in the menu . Quick and prompt in serving food.  Much crowded during peak hours. Special chicken thali in 100rs is a must try which includes rice , 3 chapati , dal & 3pc of chicken including a leg piece. The special chicken thali is quite tasty

Apna desi taste.... Too good.    Chicken thali and all biryani items are awesome.    ***** from my side.    Visiting this hotel past 8month.

This review is based on multiple visits in the recent past. This place is on the main Hinjewadi Wakad road and right opposite KIVA brewery. The place serves the staple fare of snacks like Vada pav, Samosa, bread pakoda...all three of which are decent.   They have a restaurant which serves up main course and starters usually from 11am onwards. The Chicken Biryani, Paneer Pulao, Chicken tikka biryani are decent. The pricing is comparatively fare and maybe that's the reason most of the foot fall is...

I never heard of this place.. I was searching for some healthy joint and I must say, the food here is splendid... it's healthy and vegan and filling... the broccoli and tofu sandwich was awesome and made to perfection.. the cafe latte was how I like it - strong and aromatic... the Oreo shake was on the sweeter side and they were really co-operative and made a less sweet one... the French fries are baked and oil free but I felt they were over cooked... it's a small, tiny, and cozy place... I ...

Being a vegan this place for me is heaven!! But it's also one of the best cafe in Pune even for a non vegan!! Food- awesome  Service- awesome  Ambiance- awesome  And all this at a reasonable price! Completely worth it!

I was planning for this place for months. Its really good place for those who are Calorie Conscious. They have everything which is healthy plus delicious. I tried chatapata green wrap, sandwich with soya cheese and Radiant drink. Radiant drink was not upto the expectation but yes next time Detox drink I wamt to try. Ambience is quite. You can really go n study and eat healthy also. Will go to this place again and again.

A Paradise for Pune vegans! Loved the ambience and the food. Must try the pizzas and the cheesecake :) Good staff. The founder is very friendly too!

A very homely place, warm and cozy. The food is delicious and healthy at the same time. A definite must visit. Enjoyed my time there! Also they have just started selling Organic smoked Tofu from Auroville. It's something everyone should try!!

Loved everything. Try the mama rosa. You won't regret it. And you will want to have it again. Great thin crust barbecue chicken pizza. Just keep in mind though tall guys, the top floor ceiling is really low.

It's a very nice restaurant. A small place with great utilization and great ambience. The staff is very nice.they'll serve the food so nicely and give so much attention to you that you'll bound to give some tip. The chef himself walked to the table to ask if we liked the food. We ordered baby honey chilli potatoes and they were yummy indeed..the other dish we ordered was fondue and it was again very delicious.. They even asked us if we want extra bread crumbs.. The menu for vegetarians is a litt...

A small place inside Koregaon Park.  Must try:  Nachos (best cheese sauce I have had in Pune) Mama Rosa Pasta (a blend of red and white pasta cooked to perfection) If you plan to visit, try their soup of the day. It is quite delicious and not to forget healthy

A place like this in an area where you have restaurants like cafe 1730, frisco stands out because of the quality food they serve. Aint too big but surely has good food

Roaming around the familiar streets of KP with a group of friends, craving for a change from the usual joints, we chanced upon this new opening - Frisco.  A smallish, unassuming little place , surrounded by giants like Brooklyn shuffle, Jimmy hu and the like, it might look like The Black Sheep.  As you enter the restaurant, you realize that the lower level seating is only for two per table and you need to climb a set of stairs to reach the slightly claustrophobic (for lack of a better word) uppe...

Awesome place to chit chat and should experience different tastes of tea...n not to forget panipuri shots.. sandwiches are also nice in taste.. service is also very fast and the presentation of all the food is also awesome which is presented by owner herself...must must visit this place.....I am having very gala time there whenever I go there...thnx to kirti..the owner of this place..

Best place for hangout with your friends. Must Try items  delicious MATKA BIRYANI  Indori Poha with Formula 21 Tea (Served in KULHAD)  Mouth watering PASTA  North Indian CHHOLE KULCHHE  Total value for Money !! Awesome ambience :) :)

For the moment...i have atleast visited this place 20 times with my friends...and have still not gone past ordering tea..my favourite here is #formula33.The owner here is sweet and friendly and makes you comfortable.Would like to try their new range of snacks once the new menu arrives.

Nice ambience ,tasty food and great tea all served with gentle smile. Overall good place to hangout with friends and to chill out.must visit.

" Very Good spot with a very good host " " Every Tea in the menu is worth trying " " Food is as delicious as home "  " Taste of sandwich and burgers are like nowhere else"  " You automatically feel relaxed when you sit here"  " In single word the place is 'Awesome'."

This is a fantastic Taste in Pimple Saudagar not a single restaurant is having this kind of taste and price also reasonable compare to others ie Dominoes and Pizza Hut.... Now they started Breakfast is awesome take for Egg & Bread is fresh Scrambled Egg Cheese is also very nice taste.  This man is also very co-operative nature follow each n every product is making from heart. I willl suggest everybody plz ty this place n Taste.

A very small joint nicely located in the corner of kokane chowk. Its kinda cute. And had a very nice and polite gentleman serving there. The breakfast menu is awesome there and at a very reasonable price.

Does not attract many people since it is tucked away in a small alley. The pizza however, is amazing!! Perfect crust and right amount of cheese, good topping, all perfectly cooked. I would visit again and again.

Awesum...... Authentic Italian pizza I love pizza cucina .This kind of pizza I had only at star hotels. Mind blowing.... Such a great place n also quick delivery excellent taste specially thin crushed pizaa.... Great keep it up......  Love you

Situated at such a busy location of the city this place serves one of the most amazing bhel. Just had a random try as I saw this place from outside it looked damn inviting. Colourful paintings on the walls and yellow lights makes it look so beautiful. Menu has different varieties of bhel ,pani puries , cold coffee and pizza. We tried Oli bhel, shev puri, pani puri and cheese bhel. Oli bhel - The b@est!!!!! The best ever bhel I had in Pune. Must try!!!!! Shev puri and pani puri also tastes good N...

One of the best places in pune to have Oli bhel,its deliciously tangy as well as quality is also the one of the best,also try their pani puri and SPDP both are awesome.

Must visit this outlet of Sudama Bhel..  Place is very clean,neat and tidy....it is a small outlet which is well decorated with amazing paintings..  We ate Pani puri and Masala puri.. both were so yummmm... Pani for Pani puri was with perfect blend of spices. Was too good. Do try their cold coffee as well.

The best panipuri in pune... I like this panipuri too much I rated less because now the quality is decreasing. Whenever I come to Vishrantwadi I will try it this...

A nice place to calm that favoured yoghurt loving kid in you. The variety of options to customise your cup will definitely cheer you up. There's something for everyone. I felt it's that the price is on the higher side as the toppings add a lot of weight and we need to pay by the weight.

I am not a dessert person at all. But despite of not being a sweet tooth, I don't mind visiting this place because of the variety of choices, customization and basically the whole concept. The best part is that they even allow you to take a potion size you desire. Which is a blessing for a scanty nibbler like me. You can combine different flavors, different toppings and different sizes which is definitely fun to experiement with. They have equally tasty non sugar and gluten free options as well....

Mechies frozen yogurt, well the place is in Koregaon park lane 6 and is nicely located and has a variety of frozen yogurt it's been an hour I ate strawberry and cookies and cream flavour with some fruits to top it all and I can still feel the taste of it. Quality is nice however, the ambience is little dull it needs to be made a little lively as people come and sit and. Eat they have huge space which they can use however I feel the space is under-utilised. And a lot can be done with the decor.  ...

Being a huge fan of frozen yogurt, I was super excited when Menchies came to town. But boy, was I in for major disappointment.  On both my visits, I sampled all the available yougurts and found them utterly bland and lacking in flavour.  I've had such great yogurts at other places and this was nowhere close.  The decor of the place is very catchy and the variety of toppings are excellent. But when the yogurt itself fails to shine, I see no point.  Also, the pricing is exoribant. Be prepared to s...

The very essence of the place makes me go again and again. You can make your own frozen yogurt mix by adding different flavours of yogurt, nuts, syrups and fruits. It's an awesome place to have a desert.

Its new outlet in pimpri area serving vegetarian snacks. A must to visit place...in pimpri Try excellent aromati pavbhaji ...  Mouthwatering chocolate sandwich... N last... the smart owner....Mr. Rohan... Don't forget to have words wid him...

Great Mutton Thali! And a great biryani. Food takes time to reach you but it is worth the wait. The ambience is not great. The staff and the owner are super nice and make you feel at home every time you go there.

Food is the core of any restaurant..  And that is what they are good at.. Awesome food..  Proper Marathi style made Indian chicken rasssa ..  Just too good.  We opted for 180 buks in unlimited thali..  I must say it was a very satisfying meal..   Good job guys.

There are a lot of opinions as to where the CadB CadM originated. But this chain of CadB is the best. Tasted my first CadB here and it is truly indulging. One of the most famous outlet in town and a cheap eatery to satisfy your taste buds. Do keep in mind this is not only a CadB CadM place it has a lot pf snacking options too.

Really a good choice to have amazing cold coffee at just 30/- but is yum.....yummy toast roast salad. 5/5 sandwich..  ... Corn pizza 3/5 ...... So don't miss to eat here...  But can't count on other pizza's usually the taste weird

When in Pimpri during afternoons or early evenings and you are bit hungry; you should visit this place. They serve delicious sandwiches (cheese chilly garlic toast, Paneer sandwiches) and pizzas (Paneer pizza). Their Pav Bhaji is pretty decent and they sell Pav Bhaji and Pulav on KG basis also. Their fresh fruit seasonal juices are quiet good too. Awesome place?

A very small place on the busy road of pimpri! No parking space! No place to stand either when ua eating! They have good options! But no value for money! The quantity is less! And the quality doesn't value the cost we pay!

So I was in pimpri market to run some errands and was hungry. This place smelled amazing and saw a good crowd. Ordered Cold coffees, Paneer delight pizza and Veg Mayo sandwich, wait this sandwich needs special mention #VEGMAYOSANDWICH. This sandwich was the show stealer for me, the stuffing was creamy and spicy and lots of veggies, perfectly seasoned, the bread, the crust, grated cheese on top(not a fan but what the hell)..... One word.... Awestruck.... On the other hand the pizza was good and l...

Yess it's really impossible to cross this place without tempting to eat. Whenever I come to this area this place is must  visit. Menu  includes some amazing sandwiches both grilled and toast. Then pizzas again are mouthwatering. Bbq pizza is my fav. Don't even have a count of my visits but bbq pizza is what I order the most. Almost on every visit. First the menu was limited to pizzas, sandwiches and coffee but now they have included pav bhaji, biryani, pasta, nachos and what not. Tried pasta and...

Nukkad cafe used to be my adda when I was in Pune. They have moved to a better premises in Viman Nagar and is the best place for board games and chai.  Looking forward to visit the place when I visit Pune again.   A pocket friendly place with a nice ambiance.

We go there to play scrabble. Rajma chawal is amazing. The thandai is good too. Place has some kind of stench sometimes. Masala milk and chais are good. Price is okay.

I had heard about this place quite a few times but had never been here. Spotted this late night on Friday and thought of giving it a try. We ordered pasta but unfortunately the taste wasn't up to the mark. The owner asked us about it and when we told him frankly about the unpleasant taste he replaced it immediately and didn't even charged a penny for it. We ordered masala maggi afterwards which was delicious with the mix of lot of veggies. Really impressed with the hospitality offered. Will go a...

Really nice place in the heart of Viman Nagar area. It's tucked away in a corner off the busy street and offers a nice hangout place to spend a lazy afternoon sitting and enjoying a book.  The menu is full of all day options that range from pastas to sandwiches, rice plates and Maggi. Take your pick and it's guaranteed to be appetizing despite the meager pricing. My personal favorite are the bun maska and kullad wali chai.  I personally like it for the outdoor seating though. A few tables arrang...

Nice place, a perfect spot to hangout with friends and gossip over a cup of coffee! Good ambience and nice service too. Food was tasty as well.. ..

This place has negligible options for Vegetarian crowd and I would request them to get in more options for us.   Ambiance- It is more like a shop, nothing fancy but has AC at full blast and looks very hygienic and clean. There is no seating arrangement made. 2.5/5  Service- The attenders maintain good hygiene and wear gloves all the time. They cook fresh right in front of your eyes. 4/5  Food- I have only packed a Veg Burger several times and have been very impressed by the taste and packaging. ...

Venky's kalyaninagar is usually our saviour when it comes to the sudden hunger/calorie pangs. Affordable place for good munchies is how I would like to describe this place. Situated right in the middle of a shopping arcade, this place serves both ready to eat stuff as well as frozen raw chicken. We have had chicken nuggets and chicken cutlets both of which were tasty and well done. Venky's xprs delivers on whatever it promises - a good affordable tasty fast food joint.  Although this rating and ...

I have been a regular customer of Venkyz Express since 3 years. I love all things on its menu. Also there concept is really great of packed and readymade food served to you instantly. Tender grilled chicken is their best. Chicken lollypop and all the frozen food items are too good. Also they have amazing combos which has reasonable price and good quantity.

Couldn't miss reviewing this place!! My College canteen  The Vadapav here is tooo Awesome !! Hot chocolate, cold coffee, sabudana vada, kacchi dabeli chilli garlic cheese sandwich are also great!!

This place has a serene and peaceful ambience though it is not very quiet. It is very pocket-friendly. The hot coffee that i had was for 20 rs and was totally worth it.The kokum sarbat is amazing !

Excellent food (snacks) and at a very reasonable price. I also love the set up of this place (covered by green trees). Misal and Batata Wada are my favourites.

Nice place for a lazy breakfast...not too pricey either considering that it's a canteen! Must try the South Indian options and of course the Misal...

This canteen is great for tasty and affordable food... I enjoy the coffee, vada pav, SPDP and South Indian dishes! The ambience reminds you a bit of Mapro Garden! All in all, it's worth a visit.

Ordered chicken dhansak, mutton cutlets and chicken cutlets. Excellent taste and quantity! Good VFM! Best place for Parsi food in Kondhwa! Will definitely order again!

Really great and mouth smackering dishes...ordered the regular non spicy chicken expecting it to be the same taste as the other restaurants, but TFG amazed me with a completely authentic and off beat taste...really great food..great ppl and great service..cheers keep up the good taste..

Good food and pocket friendly. The staff is friendly and they would precisely tell to how long it would take for delivery. The best part, they deliver with in 30 mins.

Best daily mealz with 6 options in Veg and 3 in Non-Veg. No repetitions throughout the week. Must have for everyone.  Additionally, they ptovide special dishes on Saturdays.

Food id just awesome.I ordered chicken and mutton keema,must say it was one of the best I have ever eaten.packing was also machine packed

Ordered Veg dum biryani at home. Full plate costs about 200Rs. But when you see the quantity, it is sufficient for 3-4 people. Taste is also very good. Will definitely go here and try other dishes too.

Good quantity. Was tasty.  Ordered  triple rice.  Fresh veggies.  Ordered parcel. Came within a hour in Wakad from Vishal nagar.   It was more than sufficient  for 2 Ppl.   Thanks

Yummy the taste of the biryani is awesome with huge quantity and good quality rice. Very tasty and available at cheap price. Yet to try other dishes available here

'Reddy's Biryani zone', I saw this place while passing by Vishal Nagar and then on Zomato having decent rating.   It's far away from my home so decided to order from Zomato.   Ordered chicken Biryani. It had couple of large sized chicken pieces and the taste of the Biryani was OK. Was huge in quantity.   Will try to have some other food items too. Meanwhile sharing the rating for the first order.

If you are planning to call a parcel from them, be aware that they are slow.   But, if its collected over the counter, things are different.  Biryani quantity was generous and chicken was cooked properly.  We tried the boneless chicken biryani and the taste was not bad.  Cost is ok, too. All in all, its a good choice for a quick bite.

Looking for cheap and good food, visit pakwan.  Place is small but food they offer is awesome....One should try daal tadka, kaju masala.  Quick service and good response from the attendants.

I usually go to this place or order from here. Its more than 2 years i know this place. It is nice budget friendly place.  It is a small resturant so don't expect for a nice ambience. Taste is good and price is reasonable.  Suggestions: if you are in wakad, have low budget and don't want to go far, Pakwan is a good option.

I think this place is a good value for money food items.  Service - Service is bit slow, sometime it took 5-10 mins to get the roti on your seat. Otherwise it is bearable.  Ambiance - Its a small restaurant, not too much of it.   Food- Very nice variety and taste.  Suggestion - Don't go for continental if you have a huge expectations, but it gives a simple and good taste as you have when you make in your home.

The food here is average. The place is also not well maintained. Had veg food which was just above average. My friends had non veg food and they said it was good. The service is slow and you have to wait a lot for a simple roti too.

I have been to this restro so many times as they are giving so many nonveg dishes with reasonable amout.They have live tandoori counter.They have the great tangdi kebab.I like their taste of food.

Jumboking have different variations of vada pao, but I really like their basic vada pao. The pao is soft and they put some onion and looks like a burger but tastes 100% vada pao.  Do not eat sabudana vada at this place it made from  frozen vada and does not taste good .  Looking for variation in vada pao good place to try.

It is my and my friends favourite place. The place is not just about the food but also the memories we have made there.  Ambience: 10/10 service: nothing to say. ( close to self service) food:  everything is great and reasonable in their menu and perfect to quench your thurst and satisfy your hunger anytime.

This restaurant came up on the block while I lived here. One day it did not exist and another it was open and I visited the place with a couple of friends. We loved the softy with the vada pao being served in the American style. It is a nice corner place with a chaupati nearby.  If you are looking for evening snacks with a view of running traffic, you can for sure visit this place, you can sure visit this place with a few friends to enjoy the long list of anglicized versions of Indian snacks

Jumboking located at a very good location on Datta Mandir Road in front of Pizza Hut.  A joint for snacks. Variety of jumbo king available here.  Tried Grilled, Crispy, Schezwan, etc. here.  Sabudana wada here is a different and can be tried for sure. It's Crispy and perfectly.  French fries and softy of different flavours available here as well.  Service here is a worry and they need to improve it.  It's a complete joint for having snacks.

Food was yummy and good in taste . Exotic Garlic bread.  Very fast & good service.... value for money.  Recomended..  Will go for it again ..............

Have been here since and ordered home delivery few times. While there rates are better than Dominos and their service as well.   The dining space is small and is usually crowded with wakad residents. Home delivery is quick and recommended.   The only downside here is that they don't serve thin crust pizza here.   Do try the exotic garlic bread, love it.

Used PHE01 and one pizza free . Food 5 out of 5 service 4 out of 5 cost is ok.  will go for it...

Food 5  service 5 !! Ordered pizza base was so soft and fresh with max quantity of cheese & toppings .  Will prefer again.

My friend took me here saying its a nice and cheap resto for non veg meals. We took chicken masala tangadi kabab and chapatis. Food looks spicy but lots of color added to the food. Didn't taste that great as told by my friend. Tangadi kebab was good. Overall : Can be tried once. Ambience is worst.

The food is OK. The price is cheap and can have lots in low budget. Ambiance Is poor. The place is also OK.not that great . Food for two will be :400 Provide unlimited meals for both veg,non veg.

They made the celebration best by bringing the cake on time. Everything went as it was planned and this was possible only because of them.  It was my first order with temptation's but turned out to be the best one.

Ordered home delivery on a hot afternoon. Ordered egg wrap, chicken seekh wrap , chicken tikka wrap. The wraps delivered were super hot, fresh and to my surprise very big in size as compared to wraps delivered from other restaurants. The delivery was fast and the delivery boy courteous enough to bring the required change.

this is the best bakery I've ever been in my whole life, such responsible, answerable, and one of the best and fresh cake makers. Ordered 5 times from them, all time they amazed me, best and fresh cakes. You call them 2 hrs before, and they'll prepare it for u. They call you if your cake is ready, and open till 11PM. Do try if you havent yet. I rate 5/5  GRuchirG.

Their fruit exotica  cake is what I have tried and it was good.  Prices of their cakes are nominal .. The cakes they serve are really fresh...They prepared it there itself..Good variety of cakes ...

Yummy pastries and rum balls! They even prepare cupcakes on prior orders! They have their own bakery products, never tried though. The staff is polite and seating is also outdoor which is quite comfy (if the weather is cool)

Another fine place to have good ice-cream. Whenever I visit friends in Wakad I almost find myself here. This outlet is near Datta Mandir. It is pretty decent and small but has nice ambiance. I am mostly happy with the general flavours here as this place can get quite pricey for experimenting. Quality control is okay here but they can improve.

It's happy to say that it's open in my building.Me and my frds are very fund of ice cream.Late night or day time jab man kiya we get into to the store have a scoop.I don't have words to say about ice cream of Baskin Robbins it's delicious.Happy eating.

Review No 248:  This outlet is near Mauli Chowk on the way to Datta Mandir. This entire lane (thankfully with less traffic still) has seen a spurt of eating spots. Good to know Baskin Robbins is one of them. Review based on couple of visits.  Service: The attendant was prompt, surprisingly spoke in decent English the moment we walked in. Good to see consistency.  Taste: Amongst the common flavour which everyone has had since years, one different taste was the Malted Chocolate fudge. Surely rated...

Myself, my wife and in-laws walked into BASKIN ROBBINS_KASPATE WASTI_WAKAD sometimes in between 10:30 PM to 11:15 PM on 24-March-2016 - the idea was to enjoy some nice ice-cream after a good dinner.  Well, the ice-cream was not bad at all - in fact, tasted great. The quality of the ice-cream was also good. Decently priced as well.  The staff, however, needs to be much more caring, attentive and sensitive towards the needs of all its customers. For example, the staff (he) was extremely busy watch...

Just another great place to have great ice creams that greatly reduces the weight in your wallets. It's your choice whether to go for it or not.

At just 70 Rs their thaali is an option you can order daily also. You get a dal, a sabji and another gravy item along with chappatis and a sweet dish. The quantity is apt for one person. The packing is also done in such a way that u don't need to take out extra utensils. The taste obviously has scope for improvement. The chapatti's seem dry but that may be due to the fact that I don't have it fresh at the restaurant.

Rather than an exotic place, this is a joint you can come for daily food purpose. The food quality is good, ambiance is OK, and prices are very easy on the pockets. They are very prompt in serving food which I liked particularly. Veg thali in 60 rs is certainly is a very good deal. Value for money, Thumbs up!

If you r looking for good food at reasonable price...stop looking now bcoz this is the place..! Nyc experience !!! Way to go square meal...!

Ordered food for the first time, but had an awesome experience, veg food can be sometimes very tasty to make forget non-veg food. they really mean the tag line they have. Will definitely love to try some more delicacies from here.  Good job guys Cheers!!!!

We went for a quick meal option .... We ordered a veg , egg thali n buttermilk .... Buttermilk the best can visit just for that again n again ... Veg thali is good ... 1 each dry n gravy veg ... Dal rice and rotis (unlimited) with a sweet (limited) ... Egg thali wasn't up to the mark.... Even heard egg gravy being sweet n tangy actually can't describe the odd taste ... Now the thali has another dry veg ... No dal .... Somehow tummy also went for a toss .... Don't recommend egg thali to any1

I had been there 2 or 3 times. Chicken Tandoori and Chicken Patiala is so delicious, Masala papad is just awesome, need some improvement in Soups. Overall a good and budget friendly restaurant.

Dear Rasoi ,  I have taken home delivery of chicken tandoori and it was really excellent. Mantain same quality and quantity you will be a market leader very soon.

Shwarma roll here is too delicious to handle... And pasta is no less delicious... Rolls n burgers are their speciality and if trying pasta make sure you specify how you want it

This place is beside Indira college and is bound to the main crowd amongst the college goers,hence d price is pocket friendly. They make their own patty and the bun us enormous with a generous dollop of mayonnaise. Shawarma rates are cheaper than most places though nothing is outstanding about the taste,just regular shawarma.

nice small place opp. to Indira college on Bangalore bypass road...always filled with college students.... have tried Chicken Burger and Chicken Shawrma.... chicken burger qty & taste above avg. ,mayo needs special mention here as it taste very nice in set up of burger..... shawrma is nice tooo but I was not satisfied with comparison to burger....Price is also very reasonable....one can visit if around the area for quick bite.....

Only 2-3 veg items. Disappointed. Taste is good. College hangout place. Go for Paneer roll in veg. They have a unique chutney which is very tasty.

After sifting through many options on Zomato for a cheap fast food joint, I happened upon BURGER BAR which seemed pretty decent according to the ratings. I ordered the Sp. Chicken shawarma with cheese and Sp. Chicken burger with cheese. I was a bit skeptical when I walked in as there was no crowd, but the food was very good. Very reasonably priced menu and the quality of food was very good. The burger was,pretty good and filling on its own. The shawarma ,though it did not appeal to me as much as...

I usually order from this place very often..i find it the cheapest n best in town! They have really yummy rolls...reminds me of kolkata....n the taste back home....

Good food to soothe the tastebuds. Pocket friendly. Provides services that doesn't keep you waiting long on the delicious food. Keep rocking and rolling!!

The taste is really awesome...frankieee is one of the best item   ever..great place for our best buddies...thanx to rock n roll for ur best service...

The best thing about this place is their paneer rolls ...simply delicious...great place to be with your friends and worth spending money.....

Great place to hangout with buddies.. The taste is very good compare to others n not too heavy for pocket also... I love delicious food .. Thankyou Rock n roll..

Grreat food fast service and pocket friendly. Amazing spicy chiken curreies with great flavour. Although the place is very Nice.  Its one of the best hotel in yerwada.... Lucky your so yummmyyyyy...!!!!

Nice food awesome teasttttt very fast service and good restaurant in this area. I just say, once you vist and fell the testtttt...... Thanku lucky hotel...

Not a place to find any good ambiance, but dude, food is just awesome. Happened to get inside the place to see it newly opened in the area and I'm not disheartened at all. Mutton Kheema- Excellent Noodles- Large quantity, good taste Pulao- Non vegan stuff, really well prepared Lachha Paratha- Guys, please re-do that, improvement required.  Overall more than satisfactory

The restaurant is located at a nice place and finding it is easy. We were in search of halal meat and were pleased to find it. The ambience is not good, there is quite some road noise inside. The food is good and they offer a lot of variety, especially in the dessert section. I was particularly fond of the dessert called 'Mastani' and so I tried two flavours and both were good.   Overall, this is a cheap retreat for foodies.  Ambience - 1.5/5 Service- 3/5 Food - 4/5

Nice place for chicken food items.. ordered chicken malvani.. n tandoor in starter.. n followed by chicken dum Biryani.. really awesome it was.. I liked Biryani most.. u know it tastes like Hyderabadi biryani.. yummy.. nice place. Good Food awesome taste.n little high cost.. superb service..

Good place to order food, prices a little on higher side however, quantity justifies it. I have ordered biryani, naans, chinese starters... all were wonderful

We order food from home... 1.Time on delivery 2.Good taste 3.Good quantity 4.well packed Ordered.... Chicken manchurian Butter roti Chicken kolhapuri  Everything went perfect

Good place to stay and fun, food Place - near to highway and better place to hangout. Comparing mall outlets. Food - drinks are cheaper and good service. Food is expensive and no other options available in that area. Good breakfast options Price - expensive than others. Ambience - average, party hall available  This place also contains accommodation and better place to stay. Also known as FabHotel 

I have opted for home delivery this time from Sagar Inn.  And I have become a fan of their.   I had ordered chicken biryani and chicken platter.  And loved everybit of it. chicken platter is just awesome.I would love to order from them again :)

It's type of all time you can have it for breakfast lunch & even dinner ....mankar dosa is one of the famous among the hostelier as its low cost and even good snack...good choice for dosa lovers..

Tried amul cheese masala dosa & amul cheese onion uttapa. They will serve you with green chutney. Chutney is Simply awesome. Staff is friendly. Place is Clean.

This is dosa house snack center specialy but they also provides very few Chinese items. Rates are quite reasonable. This is the good place for having south Indian food.

If you are looking for a quick bite around katraj area, this is a good option. Their onion uttappa is very good in taste, but they use a lot of oil on it, so if you are ordering it mention that you need less oil.  I have also tried their Amul Cheeze cut dosa, and it was nice. The chutney they serve is a bit on sweeter side, but it goes well along with the dosa or uttapam. Nothing on ambiance side, just some chairs where you can sit and eat. Typical "just for a quick bite" place.   Its located o...

Little and value for Money Dosa Place. They have few varieties in dosas like pav bhaji dosa , chocolate dosa and noodle dosa etc.  I tried regular masala dosa and paav bhaji dosa. Dosas here are good for the price tag it bear. Thin and crunchy served with good potato and coconut chutney.  Kind of open place with few chairs as a seating arrangement. So nothing on ambience side.  Self service and quick preparation,  you don't need to wait much once you have placed the order.

Small dosa ... Not that yummy.. Too expensive pav bhaji and that too tasteless... Bad. Service... Overall it was bad experience .. Over rated place..

I ordered the following 1. Cottage cheese, millets and grilled veg salad- which tasted average but was a healthy option. Quantity was great.  2. Gobi Manchuria-Tasted decent but not great in terms of quantity. Would be good for just 1 person.  3. Garden omelette- You get to choose if you want 1egg or 2 eggs. The omelette tasted really good and was value for money. It was served with 1 toasted bread.  It was a home delivery order and the order was delivered on time. This restaurant is pocket frie...

The only probably downside is their quantity. Their quality is first notch and really really good health dishes are available. A weekly order from my side is mandatory. A must try restaurant keeping a good balance of health and taste.

If there was an option to award more than 5 stars, I'd have given that too. I've ordered 6 different delicacies on 3 different occasions (this was my first Have-it-here), and till now, I'm unable to decide, which was the best of them all. It's a trick, multiple choice type question - I liked all of them to the same level. There are so many items to try, and I've only been able to cover 6 of them.  Must have's: 1. Garden Omelette: one of the best I've ever had. Colorful, with green, red and yello...

Took a home delivery via Zomato. My order contained- Moroccan Grilled chicken,  Garden omlette, Fruit Custard.  Moroccan Grilled chicken - 4 succulent pieces of chicken breast, well- marinated with curd, coriander, lemon served grilled.. with grilled capsicum and onion pieces. All of them tasted great! The green chutney provided along with was not required for me, but it was too tasty to be wasted! Garden omlette - Quite a big-sized omlette with loads of veggies like onion, tomato and broccoli ,...

A good place to hangout.,drunkers most welcome, the most helpful thing is you can carry liqour along with you., you will enjoy the starters., cotton kebab, reshami kabab, tandoor are the famous dishes served in this restaurants, bachelors must visit this restaurant, during IPL,world cup..this place turns into a stadium..

Hey Folks,  Free Bird is one of the well occupied restaurants that you would come across in Wagholi and is on the Nagar State Highway. I have been here twice and recently only this Sunday.  AMBIANCE - 2.5/5 (Average) Undoubtedly the place is huge. It has indoor and a huge outdoor seating. I could also see a large group ongoing in the back yard. However, there is nothing too appealing about the restaurant's ambiance. Also, the place is a hotspot for mosquitoes. I felt like a blood donor while sea...

We had an great experience at freebird for food, service,and ambience. We enjoyed our dinner specially in candle light,but i would like to add some points like, please keep availability of seafood which is mention in your menu and veg appetizers because only tandoor was available. Rest all good. Thanks for great service.

Ambience and service is good. Place is good for non veg items. I wouldn't recommend Murg musallam there. Nice place to enjoy dinner with friends and family.

The story behind the concept of starting this restaurant by the owners is nice. It is mentioned on the last page of the menu. Visit to know more. Seating area is quite big. Has both indoor and outdoor seating facility. Was offered a table inside where there are 4 AC units and 4 wall fans, for area of  more than 250 square feet. Moreover, none of them were on in the Summer afternoon.  Maybe the scenario in the evening is different.  Had Paneer Butter Masala with plain roti and half je...

Decent food worth the price!

Nice place for having a fulfilling dinner being light on the wallet too. Chicken tandoori if really good. Service is prompt and friendly. Could use a bigger variety in its gravies though.

Good place to have meals with friends. Exceptional hospitality. Daily specials are worth checking. Hygiene at its best. Must definitely check it out once..!

I truly love this place. The price list on the menu card makes me so happy. The place is very hygienic and the food is amazing. We tried the Chicken Schezwan Rice and the Veg Schezwan Rice. Definitely going back to try out their other stuff...

Brilliant place, great hospitality. If you miss eating at a caring environment and being welcomed by people who do actually care about you, come home, come dine in desi v desi.

Awesome place and even better hospitality. The food tastes amazing and is as good as any homely meal. Right on price and taste, I frequent this place for lunch as it's next to my office. Try out the daily specials they have.

Recently Visited Desi V Des from Mumbai, I had a fantastic experience eating at this food joint. The food is really tasty and above all it is served with love. Aunty and her young team of cooks are very warm and make you feel at home. I and my friend Himanshu ended up eating more than 4 dishes at one go. Anyone visiting Pune or living in Pune should visit  Desi V Desi . I would recommend eating Chicken Panini/ Keema Rice & Rajma Rice/ Sausage Biryani for full meals. If someone wants to eat snac...

Visited this place for my daughter's Bday. Must say the service of the resort and the ambience is definitely worth the money and more. The food in the buffet (veg and non veg) is really good. To add to that the staff did arrange for an amazing bday cake which was complementary. All in all a great place to visit with friends and family

One of the nice places to eat.... Food is good and not pricey also. Service is great and leave nothing to complain about overall. We generally have dinner here almost whenever we visit khandala

Ambience is good . Ordered some beers and chilli chicken and a fried rice. Fried rice was delicious. Staff is good. A good place to dine..Just a small suggestion...there were only two guest in the restaurant that tooo me and my friend but still the restaurant was a bit noisy due to staff movements...talks etc..etcc. music was soothing..

We did not like a veggie that we ordered and just to make our day good they replaced it with one of their best..  felt like home.. good restaraunt

This is one of the four restaurants in Picaddle resort.  Had dinner here on my last visit to lonavala which made me come back & stay here. Food, service, taste, everything is excellent, ambience is also decent. This one is the pride restaurant of the resort 7 the busiest of them all too. Buffet breakfast is not to be missed here, they have a wide spread right from cereals to juices, from south indian to donuts, a variety of lip smacking dishes.  A must visit restaurant & resort in lonavala

Good food here for breakfast liked it. Only missing thing was live counters for dosa or omelette then the breakfast would have been superb. Will visit again

Picaddle resort has an awesome location ( close to lonavla station) .The resort has a perfect ambience !!! Food is good. Service is a bit slow. Lasooni palak n missi roti was tasty!!  Cream of broccoli soup was ok.  Best part there is a separate pure vegetarian restaurant in the resort,- broccoli.

The hotel is incredible! Very upmarket. Good ambience and decor. But I did not like their restaurant. The seating is quite cramped. The service is not great. The food is really crap and at a very steep price. I had a pizza there and was horrified. It was the size of a side plate and it did not taste of a good quality. That was my first and last visit. I heard their Indian food is good but I am put off.  Ok so ended up going back here. And this time I had Indian with some friends. It is was out o...

After ages we went to Lonavala city as such, and that too we traveled with local from Pune to Lonavala and back, kids loved that experience, due to the Expressway we don't pass by the city anymore.   The childhood memories were renewed, as we use to pass by the city and then the pit stop at Chikkiwala, bhutta, Lonavla's famous Wadapav Wala, and many more things.   In this visit of mine with the family I was zapped to see good brands of restaurant have their setup in the city. Restaurant like G...

So...so...place for snacks and beverages with chit-chat sometimes... Coffee is good and pizza too.not a big place and pocket friendly too...

I had to stop by for a detailed tete-a-tete with my cousin after work on a weekday. We decided on this place cause well, it was nearby and seemed nice for a drop by snack or so.  We ordered for a chicken burger, a veg cheese pizza, two masala chai and a cold coffee.  Food came in around 20 minutes. It was decent, the food except the tea was ordered earlier and did not taste that great.   Decent place if you wish to stop by to catch up with someone.

Food: 3/5   Ambiance: 3/5  Service: 3/5   Price: 3/5 (220/- for the order)   Order:  masala omelette, chichen mac and cheese, cheese chilly toast  Hits: None  Misses: None  Date of visit: 29th june, 2016  Notes:   - cleanliness is at back seat which is expected from this kind of place. lots of mosquitos around  - macroni was undercooked clearly

I have been to this place regularly......It is a small cafe with medieval ambience.......but  food taste quite good at pocket friendly price.....only flaw I observed, u'll have to wait lil long to get ur order served....<span><a class="at-tags at-tags-29533522" href="https://www.zomato.com/it/users/neha-bannur-29533522">Neha Bannur</a></span>

A pocket friendly cafe for evening coffee and gupshups.  My favorite here is the Oreo milkshake. Nice thick milkshake with crushed Oreo biscuits. If you are a fan of Oreo, you have got to try this.   They have 2 variants of cold coffees - thick and usual. Both are good.   Have also tried the Cheese Corn pizza, Chilly Cheese Toast and Veg Mayo Toast.   The pizza was quite good for the price. However, was disappointed with the cheese toast. Lot of green chutney on the toast ruined the taste. T...

The place where you will get the most authentic Taste for Misal....And Maharashtrian dishes!!! The Punjabi dishes are also quite edible..... Not very fancy but a regular taste!!

Excellent Misal... Tried the Misal combos and must admit enjoyed it thoroughly. It was well balanced, not too hot or bland. Even the   was excellent.

Being as Nashik kar I always miss Nashik chi Kali misal..... And I m v happy that I got the same Nashik misal taste at zakaas misal.... Serving dahi and Papad with misal make additional awesome touch to the misal ....must try place....

this was amazing taste, as I'm from kolhapur and had various tastes all around but this really was one of the best misal... the taste of nashik misal was so tricky that it stuck in my mouth for whole day,... :)  true taste of misal... and idea of matka dahi and papad is osm,...

Faster delivery and good food with reasonable rate ,he came within 10mins at Sadashiv peth and food was warm and tasty thanks for the the service

Quite costly  But you can get feeling of mahabaleshwar in pune by having strawberry cream We have also tried sandwich but sandwich bread wasn't  fresh. :( N choco chip cream was also good.

It's a must go place when in Mahabaleshwar but it quite doesn't deliver the same taste here.   Been to the Mahabaleshwar branch numerous times & compared to that this one quite a disappointment.  The staff wasn't quite attentive to serve a basic glass of water & our order sat on the counter for quite sometime before being delivered to us.   We ordered the Mango with cream thinking the mangoes would be quite fresh due to the season but it wasn't. The cream didn't taste fresh.  In simple terms it ...

A treat to yourself in Pune instead of going to mahabaleshwar is Bagicha! Well known for strawberry with cream and is a delight. Located in camp there is always rush whenever I've visited this place.   Mango with cream is also fantastic and ice creams are too tasty.

It's our favourite place to have dessert when ever we go for Food  at E street. But Today we not liked some how.  We had fresh mango with cream.mango was not sweet and more of mango ice cream or may be pulp. May today we had bad luck. But definitely we will visit soon .

Very berry, strawberries... If you love strawberries as much as I do and you have an utter most craving for the fruit in all its forms and flavours, baghicha at MG Road, opposite aurora towers is the place to be. The main outlet is in Mahabaleshwar, and as the name suggest it's a right at a strawberry garden so the name, is most appropriate for the same.  The pune outlet is on the busy road of MG , but once at the outlet the ambience tends to slow you down to relish and enjoy what they have to o...

Was disappointed with their blueberry cupcake...Was told dat it has melted blueberry syrup inside bt was only cake However, pineapple pastry and the Choco mousse in chocolate cup did the justice 

I recently came across this place in Koregaon Park...  Wow I discovered the happiness and joy which I lost long back... A must place to be in... Cheers

Lovely cake shop. You get some real exotic flavors. We ordered honey almond cake which was just yum melt in mouth. The chocolate desserts are amazing too..

Visited today this place. Nicely arranged store with good aroma. Colorful cakes, cupcakes, pastries. I had choco mousse, which was looking awesome and same was in taste also. Want to had something in savories, but those were over. Looking forward for some more visits. :)

Had Chole bhature, with a free buttermilk. Chole was very yummy and Bhature was big and tasty too. Recommend this place for fast food. They also serve thali, but haven't tried yet.

Ordered Idli sambhar it was so tasty I landed ordering twice. "Super sambhar" Came here many times but today dish Idli Sambhar was best in taste. Keep up the good taste team.

Have been to this place 2-3 times. But every time I go there I feel the downgrading. First of all, even for dine in, they serve in disposables..huff..am i paying 60-70rs for a paratha to get it on my table like a prasad ??  Quality was better during inception, but has downgraded now.  Another problem is their menu.. Most of items printed on it have been stopped. So next time you visit with a dish in mind, there are chances that you will not get it.  For water, they just give water bottles which ...

On my first visit I liked this place as I was able to connect to the Nagpurian flavours in Pav bhaji n Pulav. It was good n reminded me of my college days. However, on my 2nd visit I was not impressed as much. This time Pav bhaji was ok but pulav was very ordinary. Also the tables were not clean n there was no one to available to clean them, had to ask 2 3 times for this.  +ve points: Taste n Flavour, Quantity and serves hot n freshly made Bhaji/Pulav  -ve points: Slow and poor service, maintena...

Why 5 Star? Here is the answer.                 Fast delivery :ordered on 1:08 Am and received delivery on 1:45 AM awesome food: food quality was awesome. Chicken tandoori was perfectly cooked. enjoyed the food and thanks so much for that. Good packing: Food was perfectly packed   Thanks so much..Guys

Oye Hoye Jugaad.com aapne toh hum food addicts ki history main toh bhuchal laya <3  THE BEST! Thee awesomest! Jugaad.com has never and will never fail foodies around its span.   First delivery time taken was as promised and the others, were BEFORE TIME!! is it just my address or is it really them??? it is really them cause all my friends have the same feedback too!!! That you guys rock and deliver food really fast ....   Thank you for existing and giving the best food and delivery service that...

Its just an awesome. I visited pune from gujarat for two days and at night i was hungry i found juugaad near magarpatta and i ordered it at night 10.30 i got delivery a within half an hour and food was like too good. U can say word is not enough taste tells u all. I suggested my friends too order food from juugaad only when they visit pune. At any time in night if you want to order the place is only juugaad

Good joint for Misal. Small pot for rassa is served. Friendly staff, clean and main road location.  Need improvement on chairs. Reasonable cost of Misal.

This snacks centre is best near DY Patil ACS clg area! The owner of this place is super polite and will help us out with all the food items! Different snacks from South Indian to northern India to Maharashtrian every type of snacks is available here. They even have rice items and I guess they do provide meals(thalli). Chats are really very awesome and are worth the price!

Nice spicy Missal with home-made feel  It is a small outlet tucked in a corner of a commercial cum residential complex Opp Sai Baba Temple near DY Patil Medical College run by Ovhal Bros.   Missal-   Farsan with good capacity of absorb fluid, topped up with lentils and Shev and garnished with freshly chopped green coriander.   Finely chopped onion served in separate bowl along with lemon. A few pieces of cucumber and tomato as well as sour curd.   Oily, spicy, hot...extra Tari and Ka...

This is one great place to have north indian snack. I am quite regular to this place and love its rabdi jalebi. Jalebi is freshly prepared so they are hot and rabdi is refrigirated so it cold and combination is just out of this world... waaaoohh.. Its gulab jamun, samosa and kachori are equally good and everyone should try these too. All in all great place to know sweets and great north indian snack.

Tried out samosas and mini jalebis. Both were equally awesome. :) Good place for a takeaway and a nice concept. Wish to try litti chokha and chole bhature soon

Decent north Indian snacks n sweets. This place is hardly suited to eat because they have very less space( 10 ppl at max). I advise that takeaways will be the best case scenario. Cholebhature was yumm..not a huge fan of litti here. I also recommend the chat here. Totally yummy.

Visited this place coz it advertises authentic cuisine from Bihar, Jharkhand, UP. Ordered litti chokha...they served two littis with aloo+baigan chokha and a chutney...overall was good in taste although not very authentic in chokha but close...overall nice experience...but yeah its expensive at Rs.70 due to rarity of litti chokha in Pune. Don't forget to have it with tea in earthen ware (kulhad) 

I had this Litti chokha at this small food joint at kharadi. This was the best Litti i had in pune.. The upper crust was thin n lots of Sattu stuffing inside, well cooked in chullah and dipped in lots of ghee  Even the chokha was so yummy and chatpata. They served chokha and chutney twice as needed.  The whole plate was for Rs 70 only. :D

Out on a visit to our doctor's clinic as we came out it started pouring in and we decided to take cover at Cafe katta.  It's a simple yet efficient budget style Cafe and I quite liked it for the items I tried and it's a good value for money place.  Tried the following :  Paneer cheese pizza - This was almost the regular size pizza of domino's (maybe a little bigger) and had a fair share of cheese and Paneer. The base felt fairly fresh and was soft at the bottom and crunchy at the top. If only th...

Finally its a good chill-out space in "Wadgaon Sheri"    - Quality and Yummy Items (Esp : Mastani & Burgers) - Quantity served is good than others - Service : Nice - Value for Money  On Weekends, you need to wait for your turn...  Kudos Cafe Katta :)

Went for a lunch here once. Its located in the Regal inn hotel. The ambiance was good but the table cloth was not clean. And they didn't offer knives with spoon nd forks which u expect in a fine dine. But the food here was delicious. The fish nd chicken starters were yum and prawn fried rice was great too, enuf for two people.

Seeing the good reviews, I decided to visit this place. That was a bad choice to make i guess.  The food here is not at all worth. It says that it's a fine dine restaurant but the quality of food is like that of a normal restaurant. Not Satisfied.  <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-15835321" href="https://www.zomato.com/users/spicefusion-multicuisine-fine-dine-15835321">SpiceFusion Multi-Cuisine Fine Dine</a></span>  is a better alternative in this area, if you are looking for fine dine.

Ordered platter for starter .. chiken curry and cheese butter nun in main course .. the birthday cake of my friend who gave us treat , was our dessert only .. quality of food was moderate ,quantity was proper , loved the cheese butter nun .. serving was good ..ambience was calm , quiet , nice , ..price was average and adequate

Visited this place few days back as i wanted to try something delicious in sea food... went with my friends and there was not much options in sea food and the price was extremely high as compared to food quality and quantity... manager said his chef is on leave today and thats not the excuse coz we spend over der... still will give a chance again...

Authentic and delicious food. Must try the chicken tandoori, neer dosa and prawn curry, mushroom curry was also tasty. Second time visit and food tasted as usual tasty and upto the mark.

Less cake with Heavy icing  but great in taste. Rude employee. Multiple options to choose from. Very much easy to locate on the busy Ajmera road. All in combination defines Poona Bakery in Ajmera. Once i went & started asking the rates of Birthday cakes, that guy with a rough voice directly asks me my budget. Patience is what a shop keeper should have when it comes to dealing with customer. Cake was great in taste, Packed very well, but my experience with that employee, forces me to loose the r...

Ambience: Decent. Did not had hi-fi expectations. Expected a clean place and this placed lived upto it. Food: Had Misal and Butter milk. Misal was awesome accompanied by butter milk. Yoghurt could had been better. It tasted little "khatta". Service: Satisfied. Smiling team members :). Overall: Worth money spent.

I would not say typical Pune misal house but definitely a place where you can have good tasty misal. The place is hygienic, service is great, they can still work on enhancing the taste by putting less of oil and change in spices may be. I would definitely visit this place again if I want to have good misal.

A good place I was putting up at my friends place in pimple Chinchwad, and hadn't eaten Misal Pav from close to 6 years and was desperate to have one. Quickly searched zomato and this turned to be the nearest option and least risky as per ratings. I went for the place, and yes not to bad and quiet good. The place focuses on quality and not quantity. Very few items in the menu and all good. Misal pav, vada pav, bhajji, sol kadi and chai. That's it. Except vada pav, I tried all, had to surrender t...

Was looking for a great Misal place around Pimpri, and stumbled on this joint on the way. This is no nonsense restaurant which only serves limited variety of food but there is no compromise on taste and quality.  Misal was fantastic, perfectly spicy and well prepared. Would love to visit again. They also provide good parcel service for take aways.

Overall experience is okay-ish. The food here is nothing great and for drinks they have a huge list but all of them are fundamentally almost alike which taste decent but wouldn't recommend.

Beating the heat with Kuka at Cafe cream. Lots of options out of which,  I decided for Kuka.    Small place, but good seating arrangement.   Nice place and staff.   The Kuka was very nice and thick

I ordered a Chocolate flavored cake. Good Quality Cakes and Reasonably priced. But didn't like the fact that the cake had less creme and more Bread inside.

Reasonable, consistent quality and damn good textured cakes. Have tried many brands, however, this place definitely levels them all even not being a brand name. A must try

Tried many flavors..cakes are at reasonable price...Some of the flaovours are good but some are not at all  .. Most of their cakes are too creamy..

I was in need of an urgent cake. Fortunately, this was the only place open around 10:45 in Kalyani Nagar and had to buy from here. Nothing special about the cakes.... It was good in taste but not the best. Have not had any other items from here so cannot write a long review.

It's a good place for burgers and sandwiches. They add on extra mayo to the burgers making them a lil slippery while eating But tastes very good. But please never order coffee over hear ..sorry to say this but you might lose your interest out of coffee if you will try it over here.

Last week we visited here KNS Pizza. They have nice menu for pizza. We was hungry & decided to try this...  We ordered spicy cheese burger, double tikki, spicy capsicum grill sandwich, mix veg special sandwich, spicy delight paneer with extra toppings of paneer pizza, cheese lovers pizza & cold coffee...  All was amazing in taste...but they have to be work on cold coffee...overall good..

Best in taste.I have visited this place 2 times. First time there was not enough rush so they served really quick. Second time during the rush time also they served it really quick.I Tried veg burger and it was very nice.

Best place to have cheesy dripping burger, variety of pizza's and cold coffee at cheap rates. It's an open space outside to sit and eat basically a small hangout. It's tasty and cost effective to take away pizzas home or have a quick dripping burger bites.

Very nice place to eat ...it's burgers and pizza are simply the best...specially the spicy cheese burger and paneer pizza are the best...its cheap and serves good and fast..a must visit place 

Had been to this place jus out of the blue even before its official inauguration.... Jus to try something new,  I ordered Kulfi ( not on menu display)  n luckily I dint have to regret on my decision...  It was indeed relishing till last bite.. Only disappointment was non availability of mahabaleshwar's fresh strawberry cream having ultra big display on main menu...

If you are in Kharadi and have a craving for south indian food this is definitely the place to eat. Their chicken/fish curry with kerala parota is really good. You can also order unlimited meals for a reasonable price(veg/chicken /fish for 80/150/200). The service is excellent with waiters always serving you with a smile. The only down side is that they need to have fans installed in the outside dining area since you'll need them after having the spicy south indian food.

I really love their rara chicken masala....... It has some really juicy pieces amidst gravy full of egg (egg bhurji)....  The biryani and unlimited thali are decent.... The staff is friendly and help you with suggestions from their vast menu..... The ambience is decent..... A pocket friendly restaurant if you are looking for a quick meal with friends

We first went to this place when we wanted to have kerala Porota. Earlier we had to go all the way to viman nagar to satisfy our cravings. But now that this place has opened near by, this is our new porota place. Their porotas are nice and flaky. The other day we went for the unlimited non veg thali. Honestly, the only part unlimited about this was the rice or roti. All the unlimited thali consisted of was chicken curry and rice and/or roti. That's it! When we asked for raita, they brought it. I...

Very good hotel.exactly in front of zensar.not a hi-fi but simple one.outdoor as well indoor sitting available.best non veg ever.specially rara masala , chicken angara , and their tandoori is awesome.ambience is ok.but service is very good.didnt know about veg but a definite go for non-veg lovers. Very much pocket-friendly.800-900 for 4 people with full stomach.definite go...

tl;dr: good food, good service but run by cunning cheats  I went here with high expectations in terms of food and they were met well. I ordered Chicken Jalfrezi. The quantity was very filling, sufficient for two people, decently priced and quite tasty. The chapatis were tiny, but I assumed they must be cheaper than the rotis so I had many of them to fill myself up. The ambience is average, much like other restaurants in the area. The service was rather good and prompt. I had made up my mind for ...

As I always say.. Value for money and taste is prime factor for me. This place has both.. The waiters are completely untrained and lack basic manners. The staff creates a mob outside and creates an uncomfortable zone.  Food is fine and tastes good. They should keep some small portions in quantity which could serve a single person.

Okay so what were you expecting. It's next to a tire repair shop in Kalyani Nagar. Chaps are real nice. Living in Kalyani Nagar we've had them open up past midnight just to buy mix--umm I mean coke.

Vegetarian food with expertise in soft thin buttered rotis. Eat a few there and be sure to take some home as they taste just as good reheated. The paneer bhurji is excellent and comes from a list devoted entirely to paneer. Dals, dum aloo, channa masala and the varied vegetable dishes are flavourful. When deliveries are made, the food arrives piping hot. Who can beat that?

Food is somewhat okay but little bit oily. However, if I compare the price with quality of food, the price seems higher. Because I didn't like the Tawa pulao mushroom or any sort of Biryani served here. I didn't like anything from the aspect of taste. I would suggest them to reduce the price as it doesn't match with the taste of food.

Great parantha's! Liked the various combinations and the peaceful environment. If you are craving for food and have food appetite do visit the place.  PS: The service may be bit casual but few mins of wait is worth the food

Despite the food being good enough the delivery was TERRIBLE. Living under 1 km the food took about 1 and a half hour to reach including numerous calls with zomato to check up on the delivery boy. The quantity is less than the price paid for it but nevertheless the taste is good, not great but good. I would request The Cheese Truck to work on their delivery issue majorly as I have seen many people complain about it yet no action being taken. The avg delivery time being 45mins, it showed up 65min...

The Stoner Sandwich And Nutella Sandwich Are Worth eating specially when Ua stoned And Want A Sweet Trip Good Service and its Worth spending penny on every Sandwich!

The go-to place if you are stoned and hungry. I mean they have a menu cut out for stoners. How awesome is that? Their sandwiches taste outta this world. And the best thing about the food is that they have cheese on all their items. The reason why I'm giving a 4 and not 5 is that, although the food tastes great, it's not that filling. So you better have some extra cash to buy another sandwich. Don't get a bad trip. Stay lit.

When I was wandering near by symbi college, I saw this truck. So I thought lets give it a try. So I asked their speciality and they said any stoner sandwich . Being a veg guy and not preferring sweet taste in sandwich , I ordered stover vegan sandwich and mojito.  It came in three layer with loads of cheese. Taste was great . cheese + other spices = delicious   Although I don't think it's worth the price they are selling .  But I would recommend to have it atleast once.  Cheers!

It's very cheap but food was too good .... Atleast you guys can taste it once and I guarantee that u must like it! Veg sumsum and paneer and soup all are good in taste!! Just go for it?!!!

Ordered Paneer ka koi item .. *dont remember the exact name* and they took hell lot of time. But when the food came it was worth waiting. Awesome taste. 3/5 for service as they have immature serving boys.  4/5 for ambience.  4/5 for hygiene and food quality.

Visited last night good quality food. Nice sitting and good service. Pav bhaji awesome........ I never had so  Yummy I will visit agin.......................

last Friday visited, really enjoy food is very  delicious and having a very good atmosphere for family and friends , on of the best restaurant on sinhgad road

Delicious food.. One of the best restaurants in this area.. Order right on time.. Over all good service.. Right place for family and friends to party 

So here it goes I was hungry, it was 3am was low on budget since it was ending of the month, so I went ahead I ordered chicken cheese grilled sandwich and cold coffee, the sandwich was perfectly grilled to perfection, the cold coffee was strong the way I like it to be, and the overall bill was under 200rs. The sandwich was huge and filling,  I am you daily customer mad momos and I love u.

It's a delivery only outlet unlike their dhanori outlet where there is sitting available, the quality is good I love their shakes which are mouth watering and yummy.  Pocket friendly prices.

The best place to have momos at home , as it's a delivery only outlet, the delivery takes time but the food quality is superb, also they have shakes which are thick and good. Try their KitKat shake.

Awesome food.. delivers in time.. worth it food.......................... love the food.. masala fries are very awesome very tasty.. overall very good

Mad momos  madmomos :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) good experience good taste  and was worth money  we orderd chicken cheese grilled and momos sandwiches size full on ...yummmy  thank you mad momos

First order at Mad Momos-  Amazing momos, well-cooked with the perfect blend of spices and spicy sauce. Totally love this guy's Chicken momos with Salami. Picture attached :)

It was almost 11 but i wanted to have some pizza after dinner. I ordered for a chicken pizza and the chocolate milkshake. It was money-wise worth it. The milk shake was lovely. I thoroughly enjoyed it.

This time we had intended to taste it's Kalyani Nagar food. So ordered - Veg Momos Pizza & Veg Paneer Pizza. We had mixed experiences earlier from their two branches & so specifically wanted from this branch. But once the Pizza's arrived, got to know from delivery boy's that they instead came from Tingre Nagar, Vishrantwadi branch from whom earlier we had a bad experience. But guys' this time they had tried to improve themselves by trying to deliver in time but Pizza's which came were not so war...

Mug and Mirchi situated bang opposite Copa Cabana shares neighborhood with Vijay Snacks and WS Bakers.  Place seems to be well maintained in terms of cleanliness and service is nice. They offer Breakfast items like Poha,Idli,Pav Bhaji and Tawa Parathas. Poha are gud in taste and so are parathas. Their pricing is reasonable. It is a small joint offering quick food bites for Working Professionals at reasonable rates.

Excellent food in a small and serene atmosphere. Excellent service. Chocolate sandwich and Thick chocolate is awesome. overall a divine experience. Keep it up girls.

Nice Small Clean place to hang with friends. Location is good and on road.   Prices are reasonable and quality is good along with Decent quantity.  Recommending to visit the place.

Just had my dinner out there The food I had was just fantastic Food quality: excellent. I had pav bhaji that was served with a completely baked pav. Taste was very good and as expected. Price: Fine. Not heavy to wallet Service: very good.. Customer oriented. Caring. :) In a nutshell, my experience was very good. I'll definitely visit again.

Our recent visit to this outlet let me change my review..... The menu is the same here but they have increased the pricing. The Chola bhatura which was previously priced at Rs. 60 is now increased to Rs.80 and similar is the case with other items too. Disappointment is that the size and quantity they are serving is less for the prices they are charging for. The bhaturas were very well prepared but were small in size, the chola in choley was missing.... The gravy was more.... Ambience is very nic...

I had placed an order with Eagle Boys Pizza, and I had an overall good experience.  Fast delivery, warm food and good taste, I guess I wasn't looking for anything better.  The individual ratings are: Food: 4/5 Hospitality: 3/5

Went to the place with not much expectations. But got to say, it is the best pizza i have had.  I have had lot of pizzas both in India and abroad but this was most enjoyable. They serve the pizzas in pan which keeps the pizza warm throughout. The best  thing which i liked is that the pizza base doesn't get hard even after long time. It is one of the negative points of even leading pizza franchises. The service is excellent. Staff is nice and friendly. Ambiance is really nice and spacious. Anothe...

I had heard of this place a lot from my friends so decided to order. One thing you expect about pizza is that it should be fast and boy these guys know how to do that. They barely took 20 mins. Add to that the fact that I got plenty of seasonings n chilly flakes I was happy. I ordered a tandoori chicken pizza and was good enough for two (10 inch) with really good toppings. I thought of it as just another pizza place but it's not. In fact it'll be my go to place for quite a while now. Not very ex...

Wednesday's buy one get one is the best deal you can get here! My favourite is the basic tomato and cheese pizza from Eagle Boys. Top up of Big Cheese is heaven! If you want a cheesy wonder, go for big cheese! Their pizzas are really soft and fresh. Their other deals sound good too!

A good competitor for dominos and pizza hut. Though they don't have elaborated menu like their competitors but what ever they have to offer it tastes yummylicious. Never heard of this brand before and we happen to order pizza through food panda. Now we are regular customers and we stopped ordering dry n dull pizza from dominos.

Have been a regular visitor of this place. Food is just  lip-smacking. Some of my favorites are Cheese Garlic Naan which is no less than a mini pizza ;), Mutton Rogan Josh, Tandoori Prawns, Sizzlers etc. A must visit in JM road.

We decide to spend time on J M Road, we thought of visiting this place. We have visited this place before when they were building it.   It is a small area, the passage at the entrance has 3 tables & 7-8 tables inside. A couch is occupying center area but not really suitable.   They have a corner bar area & a small cabin at another corner. The cabin gives the place very congested feel.  After scanning menu card  we realize that, the place is  little expensive. Hence, we did not really order a...

A great place for party. Not so costly. Good place for boozing. Not suitable for family or couples, only friends. Enjoy food while listening music.

You can go to this place for its food quality which is quite good. Do try the sizzlers which are what a sizzler should be. The ambience is OK. The entrance to the restaurant is all jazzed up with guitars and other tributes to rock legends but the interior decor totally defeat the purpose. Though, the music that was played was rock music only. In my opinion they need to revamp the interior and convert this place to a rock n roll pub. Overall, you wouldn't be disappointed by the food if you want y...

It is one of the very few nice restaurants to visit near NIBM Pune. Talking about the interior, it is beautifully decorated; "funky" is the right word I believe. They do not have a washroom in the restaurant, it is located outside so you have to walk outside the restaurant to pay the visit(-0.5review). The food is innovative but not thaaat high end great in taste. It has a 'flat' kind of taste. Flavours don't play well. The service is nice. You feel a genuine kind of happiness talking to the peo...

Situated near NIBM, this is surely a trendy place which is trying all sorts of tricks to make its own name in good ways. Trendy and beautiful decor, nice live music and some creative food ideas is making this place worth a visit.  Jovos boasts of serving innovative food and that too in not so costly range. They are trying to play around with food concepts and with most of the dishes, they have become successful.   Starting with the place, it has decent parking area and some really good decor o...

Nice cafe style backdrop.4* because service is slow.Cuisine is ultra fusion of desi and continental dishes.Must try - chicken nachos, desi meals .

Great place , ambiences is nice and  catchy ,the food was excellent and the way it was presented ,i would tel u the pani puri was like going back 2 chemistry lab ,for the chicken loves everything is best specially the lollipop  and chicken biryani Oo shit almost forgot the cocktail  section .. great place for college people coming back again

So every time we come to this part of Pune, Jovos is an absolute must visit. Even though we landed up after a pretty big gap but the warmth, friendliness, amazing food is still the same. We had an amazing fish appetizer so full of flavour and very fresh fish. We also had a samosa chaat with hummus and boy oh boy!!!!!! The hummus was fantastic.  For the main course we had the creamy roast chicken with chilli naan and the dal ghost both which were very good. The pulao with mutton was exceptional s...

Nice place to hangout with friends. The entire menu is tasty. I loved the atmosphere of this place. Peaceful bites can be expected here. Didn't get to see good ambience though, but the food here is worth visiting again and again.

Excellent option for bakery items in Pimple Saudagar. They have a good variety of pastries, muffins, cookies and breads. I personally like the different types of breads - cheese garlic, tomato, spinach, etc.

Nice place to have "Andhra Thali" and "Hyderabadi Dum Biryani" those who are Hyderabadi Biryani lovers. We had Roti, Thali  few chicken curries all were good for a reasonable price.  You can get Biryani through phone at your doar step, Its a too good when you really tired with your work.

People who likes the andhra thali,  paradise andhra mess is good to visit. Fresh food with various of curries. Coming to biryani, there is lot of scope to improve but not bad.

Good place to have a nice dinner, the food here is very economical.  This is your everyday mess, where you can have food, especially for bachelors.  Very good chicken dishes, gravys as well as the biriyani.  Staff is cool, saste me acha khana could be the tagline for this place.

Delicious food with healthy and tasty breakfast .... Pefract for the person looking for healthy food with pure veg.... Must try for once.....

Awesome food quality, felt like eating at home. Great ambiance to dine. tomorrow special pithala bhakari for dinner which is unexpected surely will come for dinner tomorrow

Delicious Maharashtrian cuisine with excellent ambiance (indoor & outdoor). Rice plate, Monthly mess & home delivery of tiffin. Ideal place for college students and family.

Best Hyderabad Biryani Taste...excellent quality n quantity...good value 4 money...home delivery parcel packing z gud...gud place 2 order...

After a long boring meeting at KPIT me and my colleague decided to try dis place. I was super excited coz I was nt sure wen I will actually get my hands on d original hyderabad paaradise biryani so let me be happy to hv it here atleast!! The ambience was nt good at all bt I was nt losing faith on d food. We ordered one veg biryani(since my colleague was a vegetarian)! The biryani was okay d service was slow n d ambience was nothing good!!

Normal food with very poor ambience. Too much people with undertrained staffs. Service is slow and much chaotic. As we have many alternatives, so may be won't visit next time.

This is basically a small joint. But they make their own base & trust me it's really better than the usual crust provided by dominos. I ordered chicken salami nd as i was unable to finish it i kept it aside for like 2-3 hours.  after that i was thinking of throwing it away as after reheating pizzas are usually hard to eat. But as one of m friend popped up & as usual hungry he was he heated that pizza in oven again and he liked it even after reheating. so i also tasted it after reheating & the p...

The food over here is nice. I recently took away cheese masala dosa & Mysore masala cheese dosa and found it tasty & simple with lots of cheese and chutney. The taste of sambhar is OK but chutney is quite different. Looking forward to taste the Punjabi thali.

Dairy don has unique flavours of ice cremes like naturals ice creme. The guava ice creme tastes just like guava and some red chilli powder on top of it gives u a feel of eating chilled guavas. The cheese cake flavours are unique too. This outlet doesn't accept cards which is a sin in modern India however they are technologically advanced enough to accept paytm. The server is a bit nagging and will keep asking u to take token first, another drawback. No complaints about the ice creme though, ...

One of the best places to enjoy the dollop of happiness in Vishal Nagar. Variety of flavours in a very affordable rate. One of my favourite spot in this area.

Well...found this place a month back. This place has become my favorite since then. They offer a wide range of flavours, though Red Guava Red chilli, Belgian Chocolate and American Nut are too good to be missed. One should really try this..Probably one of the best ice cream outlets in this part of Town..

One of the best ice cream I had in Pune, very delicious at a reasonable rate with various variety of flavours. Butterscotch and strawberry cheesecake flavour is a must try here.

I'm a regular to this place. The coffee thickshake is the best I have ever had but the chocolate thickshake is not much to its expectation. The Belgian Chocolate, Swiss Chocolate, Black Stallion and Choco Chipcon ice creams are a chocolate eater's dream( in this particular order). Well the Roasted Almond and the Mango ice cream are good.

Visited Kaka Halwai, Fatima on 6th November. Bought Chamchan and malai Sandwich. Very good quality, however hygiene is questionable. In the left hand the staff uses a disposable glove. With this same hand he handles the electronic card which has been through various customers hands. I love Street stray dogs, on my way to their shop I play with them , with the same hands I handle and hand over the card to the counter person. He handles the card and food with same hand. Watch the process to unders...

They cooked in Shuddha desi ghee. You can buy any sweet from this place. My favourite sweet is "Malai Sandwich". It is so delicious and tasty.

I am a huge fan of their bhakarwadi and samosa. Their bhakarwadi has perfect crisp to it and their samosa is grease free. No oil at all and their filling is royal with raisins,cashewnuts,peas etc. I also love their sweets. I am in love with their Bengali samosa. It's just so tasty with sugar coating over it.  Their prices are a bit high but the food is worth all the money u spend

One of the better places for sweets n namkins in this area.  KheerMohan, Rasgulla, MaysoorGajak, Khandvi, PudhachiVadi are my favs here.

One day , we were wandering across the streets of Balewadi to check into a place for light dining, so as to get ourselves loaded with a required amount of food to continue a ride to Pune station to drop a friend who was going home. We found this place , filled with some young people dining, probably college students who might have come down to have their dinner tiffin. Presence of college students, makes us assume that place must be a good place in terms of food taste. Been there, done that , du...

Perfect place for chai, sutta n all kind of chinese dishes during wee hrs. This place provides home delivery from 8pm to 6am. I spend most of the tym here wid my frns aftr late nite shft. Good plc to hang out aftr party...

Very very tasty food... Life saver for hostelites like me..their bhurji is just too good... And whats more you get chair and cigarettes too in night that's a deal I must say

Good food available in night and best test I ever eat in good price thanxx to AS kitchen to give such a good home delivery. U all should try

Sumptuous meal at a really low price. Go for it if you want a no-frills simple thali. 4 rotis, 2 curries, rice, dal and a sweet at 60 rupees- all tasting quite decent...

Great food with awesome service at a really affordable price.. What more can one ask for!!!I have been there multiple times and every time it is treat to go there. A must try place :)

A very pleasant eating place, tucked away on a narrow road in a crowded location, with an environment which is completely different from the outside world; very aesthetically done up, with candle light- and Finista windows to drown out the outside noise. Food is very tasty, in particular the Moroccan dishes and the chocolate desserts.

Good food... Homely taste... More than that what I like was the friendly nature of you n your staff.. Looking forward to see u growing n expanding in other parts of pune too.. Many home left bachelor's really need the food that u guys offer...

It is a best place to have daily meal, Tastewise It is simply The Best in market. Square meal thali contains 2 vegetable, Daal, Rice , 4 chapatti , Sweet , Salad. All the stuff changes everyday. They do not repeat the same menu within 15 days. Free home delivery. No minimum plates constrains. Clean and unique packing in disposable plates. Luxury Dinning. Mess system also available.

My little sister loves roses so much! So I wanted to customized a cake for her which is decorated with different shades of roses having chocolate flavor! I had very high expectations nd i must say i was very satisfied with creamy delights! A cake which looked amazing and was yum as well! Proper service on time! Thanks Neha!

Wanted a customized cake for my husband and got it delivered as promised... Time , quality and taste.. Thanks for the wonderful cake Neha...

Delicious..the cake and truffles were marvelously finger licking. My friend loved both of them. I also had a bit of share in it and must say..you nailed it....best gluten free stuff..will order soon again...and thank you again for making the cake and truffles for me.

Last few days back I ordered a cake for my friend birthday.The cake was beautiful as they show in the chart.I cant belive it would be so beautifully decorated and was yummmyin taste.Loved it

So far the best cake i have tasted! The best chocolate cake i could have eaten.Customised just according to what i wanted n that too in a short span of time. Must try!!

NPB is always known for its veg puffs and other fast food items. This outlet is at the balewadi fata. Nothing much to write different about. They have pretty much maintained quality of NPB.

A bakery/snacks outlet without a micro oven..thats not really acceptable..cakes and pastries on display are a bit on the expensive side..wide variety of fast food snacks available but not served hot..they also serve customised bday cakes like the 2kg doraemon cake in the picture uploaded

I am really not satisfied with any of this outlet products.  Its costly too and taste was also not appealing. They have posted a lot of pics but many of them were not available. Paneer puff was soft and good, which I liked.

Not a great cake/pastry shop.  Tried two times. Both pastry and cake base are not soft and just melt in mouht, rather they are hard wrt to cake standards.  Not a very good selection ....

I just love it so much... every tym i go.. tje taste  gets much more nyccer . Its a much better hang out place for nd my frndz to..also the price is much better.. 

Review No 240:  Early morning weekend errand brought me to this part of Wakad today. Have seen the new signages for New Poona Bakery, decided to give them a try for the first time today. They had limited snacks available (veg pattice, vanilla rolls etc) besides a host of 0.5 kgs and single cake slices. This review is based on the take away.  Picked up a couple of Veg Pattice. They lacked taste and filling. Absolute disaster.  Next up was a Chocolate cake. This was soft and fresh. Probably the...

New poona bakery is one of the most trusted name in the bakery business in pune. Known for its savory delights and sweet confections, New Poona bakery has several branches all over the place. One such branch is in wakad.  Cookies, khari and puffs from here are the ideal accompaniment to tea time. We always make sure to stock up on biscuits and cookies and pick paneer and veg puff from here whenever we are in the vicinity. Pastries and cakes are good too. Do try the caramel pastry and chocolate p...

I have many times had  Wada Pav, Misal Pav, tea, poli bhaji from here. Preparation not too excellent but reasonable. Prices reasonable. Ambience simple.  It's self service.  Can't say that would visit again soon but only when quick bites needed.

Recently on one of the Saturday's  we were looking for the place where we could get something for heavy breakfast and we passed by this place. We had tried vadapav, sabudana wada multilple times from Joshi wadewale's some other outlets, so decided to try this outlet. We ordered a plate of wada pav, Misal pav, pithala bhakari, poli bhaji. Trust me, they did not have that standard of "Joshi Wadewale" :( Misal was still kind of OK, but rest all items were terrible.

It is the oldest vadapav centre!! My 12th grade classes was the reason I visited this place!!  Years before they served one of the best taste.. But now it's just going low n Low!!  Now I don't like it!!

The review is based on my home delivery order.  We ordered for Rabdi jalebi which was very good. Really liked it. Also had Chole tikki which was nice but it was not hot . The Dal kachori was ok. I guess it's a nice place for snacks and jalebis

The taste here never disappoints specially chole bhature and rabdi jalebi. The service can be a bit better though. The seating arrangement is quite normal but comfortable.

Nice Food...Their signature chats and the special jalebi rabdi is looked forward. SoAlways try this place. We would come back for the rabri jalebi.

Really delicious rabri jalebis, samosa chat was nice too, but it left this really heavy feeling. Was really stodgy. Would come back for the rabri jalebi surely. Glad that this place opened up in Wakad.

Love this place aloo tikki chala bhatura over here are my fav......they need to have some beverages.... But apart from it they have a nyc delhi taste which is hard to find in pune...

Average taste ,should work on Chola ,when its comes Chole bhature it remind us Delhi's one chola bhature , they have to work little more on Chola.

This is a place where you go for the exquisitely spicy Maharashtrian cuisine, "Kolhapuri". I was planning for this place for some time now & finally went there on Sunday; though we were late, we got the food & the experience.  Ambiance:  It's like a "dhaba" ! except for the fact that there are tables still. other than that, the seating arrangement(s) are quite cool ! they've placed "khatiyas" or cots in place of the chairs (there are some chairs also, but not much). it's  a great place to hang o...

Not so good... Place..  Went there cause the name said lai bhari..   Kholapuri..  But surprisingly no kholapuri food is served there..  But only reason im giving 3 stars..  Cause..  The food which we got that day..  Was good..  We orderd chicken handi..  Good for 4 of us..  Wven the roti served with it was good...  Overall ok experience..

#ReviewAlert #BloggersMeet #ExclusiveInvite  ** Salute Bistro, Viman Nagar Reviewed **  Salute Bistro is a cosy little outlet located near Dutt Mandir in Viman Nagar. It takes a little while getting to that exact spot as it is nestled in a small and peaceful lane however Google Maps directs you perfectly. Parking too doesnt seem to be a major issue there.  Salute means to greet or address with an expression of welcome, goodwill, or respect. It is a toast to celebrations, to life and to new be...

For the lack of other places that do serve this sort of cuisine , this is a goodish place .. Some dishes will surprise you. Give it a go. I suggest.

It is said that there is no 'WE' when it comes to food.This is exactly what happens when I see 'chaat' and such a relief when you are eating chaat at a hygienic place versus some roadside stall!! With their branches spanning all across the city, Kalyan Bhel have set foot in Hinjawadi area as well to satisfy sweet and sour cravings for IT engineers. This place has been regular since years and I've tried almost every item on menu but below ones are worth mentioning: Bhel: Regular bhel but they add...

Went here two times in 2 days to eat that Pani poori. I guess this is the best ever I tasted. I wanted this kind of chat corner in Chennai too.

Quaint little place on the road to the Symbiosis Campus' you blink and you miss it.But if you keep your eyes open and manage to spot this place boy oh boy you're in for a treat.Special mention for the Sev Puri,waayy better than the ones they serve on the endless lines of roadside eateries barely 100m from the place. Absolutely must try

If you ignore the locality and the ambience, this restaurant is a treat for you! The chat items are reasonably priced and the service is good. Pani poori, which they serve is kind of healthy as they serve green peas and masala. Dosas are awesome. Great varieties and good value for money. My recommendation would be Mysore Plain Dosa and the Special Bhel. The restaurant is hidden from plain site by a construction, rest all is awesome. Good for groups.  With <span><a class="at-tags at-tags-921137" ...

Out of 5  Food taste:   Ambience:   Must try dishes: oli bhel  At all worthy:  cost is high  Waiting time: moderate  Service: Good  Extra vat or taxes: no

